HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN" 
 Writeups by jurph Snapshot taken: Thu Jun  4 18:15:06 2015 
 
 
 "Yeah, we're out there doing shows-of-force mostly.  Not like the  F-15  guys.  We buzz the suspected sites, come in low and fast... crank up the afterburner, pop off a few flares, and make Haji shit his pants." 
 -- American pilot,  2005  (paraphrased) 
 Every enemy needs a name.   Jap s,  Hun s,  Kraut s,  Nip s,  Dink s,  Gook s,  Eyeties .  Commies, Roman Oppressors, Southerners, Yankees, Right-Wing Nutjobs, Left-Wing Nutjobs.  The list probably goes back until before time.  For  the Iraq War , we've picked " Haji ".  Just as every  German  was " Jerry ", every southern black man was " Sambo " or " Jim ", now every  Iraqi  is "Haji".  I haven't been over there, so I don't know whether it covers all of them, just the bad ones, or just the good ones, but it's the sort of thing that probably doesn't have  hard and fast  rules.  In case context has not made it clear, the word has become an  epithet .   
 It stems from the same root as the  honorific  (or possibly the character  Hadji , from  Johnny Quest ).  Even the  G.I. s who call every  Iraqi  with a gun "Haji" have to realize that the enemy is just as likely to be a  Jordanian  kid going to see the war against the Rich Satanic Occupiers, maybe fire off a  Kalashnikov  -- not exactly a  hajj , but definitely a pilgrimage.  At any rate, it's easier to pronounce than " Mujaheddin ". 
 In  public speech , the new preferred term is " arhabi ", which means " soldier " or " grunt " in  Iraqi   Arabic  -- the connotation is " terrorist ".  Arhabi does not have the same connotations of holiness as " jihadi " or " Mujaheddin ", not to mention the back-handed insult to  Islam  that  Haji  delivers.  However, the term is still a novelty to Americans; as of this writing, "Haji" dominates spoken slang and Internet discussions.   
 
 
 
 The story of  Jocko  is touching, but several  problems  with the story make it likely that the legend of the lawn jockey is just that: an  urban legend .  It is unlikely that the original story, from the  George Washington   era , is true for a few reasons, enumerated by  Mount Vernon 's librarian Ellen McCallister Clark in her letter to  Baltimore 's  Enoch Pratt Free Library : 
 
 No record of anybody by the name of Jocko Graves, nor any account of somebody freezing to death  holding Washington's horses , exists in the extensive historical record of the time.
 The  Mount Vernon  estate was inventoried and described by a multitude of visitors, and there has never been any description or evidence of any such statue.
 
 Further, it is hard to credit the stories about the  Underground Railroad  using lawn jockeys as signals, for the following practical reasons:
 
 Red  and  green  as signal colors meaning "stop" and "go" (or "danger" and "safe") date back to  World War I  railroad signals.  Signals before that time were not standardized well enough to be useful.
 Slaves would almost certainly have been moved at night, when it is hardest to make the distinction between red and green.  
 Telling the difference between a lantern hung far out on a statue's arm or in close would be difficult at a distance; it would be  impractical  if not impossible to read this signal without approaching dangerously close to the lawn jockey.
 
 Another blow to the story's authenticity comes from Kenneth Goings, chair of  African-American  and  African  Studies.  His text  Mammy and Uncle Mose  is often cited as a source of the Jocko story, but he gives little credence to the story.  He is quoted as saying "I don't think that (lawn jockeys) can be reclaimed. They are meant to evoke that  Old South , grand  plantation ,  Gone With the Wind  mythology, and I'm not sure they can evoke anything else." The text describes the origins of such memorabilia, and another quotation from it refers to the lawn jockeys' use as status symbols among whites.  His opinion of the statues is decidedly negative. 
 While the number of sources online offering the Jocko story far  outweigh  the number of sites trying to set the record straight, the details of the Jocko myths vary wildly between retellings, and no definitive source is ever given.  While it is impossible for me to plainly refute the story, it seems unlikely to me that any such person as Jocko existed.  Like the  Underground Railroad Quilt Code , I also believe the lantern-and-jockey code to have been fabricated  after the fact . 
 
Sources: 
http://www.citypaper.com/arts/printready.asp?id=5006 
http://www.horseinfo.com/info/misc/jockeyinfo.html 
http://www.straightdope.com/classics/a2_152.html 
 
 
 
 " Weasel words " are a collection of words and phrases used in informative and  technical writing  to avoid completely committing to a statement.  If the writer can't say for sure that something is going on, you will see weasel words inserted to reflect the author's confidence.  I am most familiar with their use in  intelligence  briefs, where their placement is something of an art.  They generally refer to the degree to which the author is willing to commit to a fact's  veracity , and rather than being used to make an assertion, they are mostly used to  avoid  making an assertion, while still leaving an impression.  The downside to weasel words is that they add nuance to a statement which may not be perceived by a careless audience, and if taken out of context, "weaseled" statements end up sounding like assertions that the author never intended. 
 The phrase comes from that unfortunate and all-too-common scenario, where an author will be slightly misquoted.  The  nuance  of his statement is lost, and when questioned later, the author will usually respond with "I never said  that ."  The perception of the careless audience member is that the author is now being a " weasel " and arguing  semantics  - but weasel words are used to add precision to a statement when every little ounce of fact counts.  The author probably spent hours agonizing over the structure of each sentence, and so will be very upset if his or her words are being misconstrued. 
 Some key weasel words are  might ,  could ,  possibly ,  probably ,  may ,  likely ,  very likely , and  unlikely .  Let's take a look at a few lines from a relatively well-known intelligence report: "Iraq's  Weapons of Mass Destruction  Programs".  The  unclassified  version was published by the  CIA  in October  2002 , but it is probable that the document was available in a  classified  format much earlier.  This excerpt is from the "Key Judgments" section:

 ( U )  Baghdad   has begun  renewed production of  chemical warfare  agents,  probably  including  mustard ,  sarin , cyclosarin, and  VX .  Its capability  was reduced  during the  UNSCOM  inspections and  is probably more limited now  than it was at the time of the  Gulf War , although VX production and agent storage life  probably have been improved . 
 The important thing to note is that this paragraph probably would sound very alarming to someone if it were read quickly during the  evening news , but does not actually make many assertions.  The assertions the author(s) make are limited to the following: 
 Baghdad has begun renewed production of WMDs.
 These  WMD s probably (but not for sure!) include x,y,z, etc.
 Baghdad's capabilities were reduced during the  UNSCOM  inspections...
 ...and are probably (but not for sure!) lower than before the Gulf War.
 Their ability to produce  VX  and store it probably (you get the point!) have been improved. 
 Only two of those state facts which are known (and of those two facts, one was retracted in a later report).  Authors use weasel words primarily to clarify what is known and unknown, but they become more  weasel -like when they are used to give a political spin to a statement.  A sentence incorporating weasel words is usually placed in  context  within a larger document so that each sentence qualifies and places a slight  cant  on each other sentence.  Assembling a report is a delicate process, and taking items out of context can have disastrous results.  Take, for example, the following lines from the same source: 
 If Baghdad acquires sufficient weapons-grade fissile material from abroad, it  could make  a nuclear weapon within a year.  Without such material from abroad, Iraq  probably would not be able to make  a weapon until the last half of the decade.  Iraq's aggressive attempts to obtain  proscribed  high-strength  aluminum  tubes are of significant concern.  All intelligence experts agree that Iraq is seeking  nuclear  weapons and that these tubes  could be used  in a  centrifuge  enrichment program.   Most  intelligence specialists assess this to be the intended use, but  some believe  that these tubes  are probably intended  for conventional weapons programs. 
 The first two sentences are placed in that order to  imply intent , but to starkly qualify what is and is not within the grasp of their technology.  Those two sentences taken together say "that's a pretty big IF".  Note also that the last sentence qualifies the degree to which the  CIA  and the intelligence community were willing to commit to the use of the  infamous  aluminum tubes.  Contrast that with President Bush's speech before the  United Nations  on  September 12, 2002  (note that he likely had a copy of the October report before the unclassified version was published): 
 Iraq employs capable nuclear scientists and technicians. It retains physical infrastructure needed to build a nuclear weapon. Iraq has made several attempts to buy high-strength aluminum tubes  used to enrich uranium for a nuclear weapon. Should Iraq acquire fissile material, it would be able to build a nuclear weapon within a year.  And Iraq's state-controlled media has reported numerous meetings between Saddam Hussein and his nuclear scientists, leaving little doubt about his continued appetite for these weapons. 
 This is speech-writing at its best, and  intelligence  authoring at its worst.  The CIA document was intended to be informational; the UN speech was intended to persuade.  Intelligence is meant to state fact, not decide policy, but because intelligence reports can be used as sources in a speech, it is important for all good analysts to include their weasel words.  Should the speech writer leave them out, or state a weaseled sentence out of context, the shades of meaning may be lost.  It is probable that a very gray statement could suddenly appear  black and white , which is what speech-writers are often paid to do. 
 
 
 
 We met at a house that we had broken into.  A local  magician  had been studying books of  African magic , and had summoned six  elephants  to do his bidding.  The elephants were small and weak, like his magic, but their presence was difficult to explain away and they would only grow stronger over time.  Each one bore a name engraved on its forehead.  He had named them for the  six principalities of Rome .  We were going after  Scipio . 
 Steve, the arch-mage for whom I was working at the time... well, hang on.   In real life, Steve is a  United States Marine  and really good fry cook.  I worked with him in a restaurant in  Fenwick Island, Delaware  a long time ago.  Now he's killing  Syrian insurgents  who try to sneak into  Iraq  and kill American and Iraqi civilians to further their own end.  In my dream, Steve was my arch-mage.   And Steve had studied  Aztec  magic.  He had the aspect of  Jaguar  naturally, and so killing the elephants was in his nature.  He and I and Bill  broke into the house  to take care of Scipio.
 Steve grabbed  Scipio  around the neck and held him up against the wall of a  shower stall .  Bill and I took out candles, lit them, and each chanted a few words of an  Aztec  spell while Steve whispered the  descant .  The elephant disintegrated in his hands.   Mixed dry beans  rattled and rained down into the empty shower stall, as well as shreds of  newspaper , each with six drops of blood on them.  The shreds blew around in the  vacuum  created by the elephant's disappearance and Steve cursed -- by which I mean he muttered "shit" or some other word -- and urged me and Bill to pick up the pieces and every last bean. 
 "Destroying the  golem  elephants calls the magic back to him.  He'll know we've killed  Scipio , and my friends are out killing the others.  If he can recover the beans or the blood  -- even a scrap of the paper and one bean -- he can call his power back and become temporarily stronger." 
 So Bill and I gathered the  beans  and  paper  and  blood , and Steve burned the paper and kept all of the beans, saving them for a spell wherein  Steve  would recall their power.   Bill, by the way, also worked at the restaurant.  Goofy-looking red-headed guy, nice as can be.  Good  fry cook , great line and prep cook.   Bill and I cleaned up. 
 I was sent with a bag of chalk and a pen (and instructions from Steve) to the African  wizard 's house.  I stepped into his foyer and saw a shadow in the corner.  Because I was not a  mage , his circles of protection did not alert him to the danger I possessed.  I looked at his shadow in the corner, and saw that he was naked, holding only a  knife  (presumably to avoid his clothes or other charms revealing his position by their auras).  I held up the chalk bag and the pen and said: 
 "I revoke your power."
 "What do you think you're doing?"
 "I revoke your power."
 "You can't just say that without having any magic behind it.  It doesn't work that way.  Now leave, or I'll stab you."
 " Anything I tell you three times is true.   I revoke your power. "
 Steve had armed me with a schoolyard charm -- the  Truth of Three  -- and a pair of tokens to amplify it.  The wizard's power was weak from having lost his elephants, and since his  ward  spells were all designed to stop Steve, I was able to walk right up to him and disarm him.  Pow. 
 
 
 
 Abstract 
 The perceived and actual value of the  United States  one cent coin (" penny " hereafter) are compared.  The comparison determines whether the  energy  and  time  expended result in a net gain or net loss to a test subject encountering a penny which has left  circulation  and settled  in a lower energy state .   Obverse / reverse  influence on perceived value is examined, and a standard for evaluating the  caloric  cost of the retrieval is established.  High variability of contributing factors led to the creation of guidelines for establishing the expected  profit  of the sidewalk-to-pocket transaction. 
 Introduction 
 The  United States of America  has circulated a small-denomination  coin  called the " penny " since  1793 .  The vast majority of pennies are worth one one-hundredth of a  dollar , or one " cent ".  In  2003 - 2005 , the  United States Mint  produced approximately 1.1  trillion  pennies, so the occurrence of anomalous pennies, while driving up the value of the individual anomalous penny, is insignificant when calculating the average value of a penny.  This study examines any  legal tender  penny, and assumes all pennies are worth $0.01. 
 A penny's immediate value, for reasons discussed above, is one hundredth of a U.S. Dollar.  However, half of the pennies encountered (on average) will have their  obverse  exposed and their  reverse  concealed -- this is colloquially known as being in a " heads up " state because the  silhouette  engraving of  Abraham Lincoln  is visible.  These pennies are anecdotally connected to varying amounts of monetary gain, and are said to exert an anomalous influence on local statistical rates of success in situations where probability would otherwise be against the subject.  Further research will need to be conducted to determine if this affects the value of the penny.  For purposes of this paper, we will only be examining pennies which are " tails  up", or " heads  up" and assumed to be luck-neutral or better.  Since the aim of this study is to incentivize penny retrieval only when it is already profitable, we assume that all pennies picked up have an  intrinsic  value of  at least  one one-hundredth of a U.S. Dollar. 
 The  energy  expended in bending down to pick up a penny will be calculated and converted to a monetary  cost .  The time taken to pick up a penny is measured and converted to a monetary  cost .  These costs are summed and compared to the expected financial gain of the action. 
 Materials and Methods 
 A group of ten pennies were dropped on a thin-pile carpeted floor.  The pennies were dated as follows:  1968 ,  1969 ,  1970 ,  1979 ,  1980 ,  1982 ,  1998 ,  2000 ,  2001 ,  2001 .  The time required to pick up the pennies from a standing position was recorded.  Each penny required no more than three seconds to pick up. 
 A model for the energy expended picking up the pennies was established.   Isaac Newton 's laws of motion give a widely-accepted formula for the work (energy) required to move a mass up a given distance: 
 E  = m g h 
 where "m" is the mass of the object in kilograms,  g  is the acceleration of gravity ( vector  quantity, assumed to point straight down), and "h" is the distance (parallel to gravity) that the object must be moved.  The mass of a penny has varied historically, but is dwarfed by the fluctuations in mass of the  test subject , who must bend over to pick up the penny, and who must raise himself back up to the standing position.  Statistical and census data were consulted to determine the average height and mass of a human; the reader is welcome to substitute  his or her mass and height .  The subject is otherwise assumed to be  1.8 m  tall and  80 kg  in mass.  Bending from the waist requires moving half of the human body ( cf.   Da Vinci 's " Vitruvian Man "), and assuming a nearly-equal  mass distribution , this requires moving half of the body's mass from .75 h  to a height of .50 h .  Thus in the above formula, we have: 
 E  = 40kg  x  9.8m/s 2   x  0.45m =  176  J  or  .00421  calories 
 It remains now only to convert both the caloric cost and time cost into monetary units.  First the issue of calories is addressed.  Calories can be purchased for wildly varying amounts, based on the perceived pleasure one gains from ingesting the calories.   Maine   lobster  and a  McDonald's   hamburger  were compared to arrive at rational maximum and minimum caloric costs.  A 3.5oz serving of Maine Lobster tail contains 98 calories and can be purchased for $16.95, resulting in a cost-per-calorie of $0.173; a 3.7oz McDonald's hamburger (with standard toppings) contains 260 calories and costs $0.59, resulting in a cost-per-calorie of $.0023/calorie.  If the test subject has eaten lobster recently, then his or her calories are worth almost seventeen cents each, and so the financial cost of bending down is $0.00729, or 73 hundredths of a cent, yielding an expected gain of 27 hundredths of a cent.  At the low end, the subject has even more incentive to pick up the penny; the cost is only $9.69 X 10 -5 , resulting in almost pure profit from picking up the penny. 
 Now the issue of the time cost of money (where applicable) is addressed.  The median income of a male full-time year-round worker is $40,688 (2003 figures - the reader is welcome to insert his or her annual income instead).  Assuming 50 weeks of work and approximately 40 hours of work per week, we arrive at an average hourly wage of $20.34.  The three seconds required to pick up a penny -- assuming that one would otherwise be compensated for one's time -- cost the working test subject  $0.01695 , or  1.7 cents .  A test subject walking back to work from lunch should therefore not bend down to pick up the penny unless he or she is paid  $11.88/hr  or less. 
 A person's "free time" has no expected gain -- and in fact, according to the  Bureau of Labor Statistics , there is often an expected cost.  A single-person  consumer unit  expends, on average, $27,042 annually (2002 figures).  We assumed earlier that a person works 2,000 hours in a year.  This leaves 6,766 hours of time, throughout which one is spending an average of $3.99/hr, or $0.0011/second.  During one's free time, then, the profit from picking up a penny actually defers some of the costs of living (for example, the cost of eating that  Maine  Lobster), to the tune of $0.0133 for each penny picked up. 
 Results 
 Expected Gain from Picking Up A Penny 
 
PROFITS
======= 
monetary value:   $0.0100
time value    :   $0.0033 (assumes penny discovered in free time)
      SUBTOTAL:    $0.0133 

LOSSES
======
caloric value :  -$0.00729 (maximum - assumes Lobster dinner)
lost wages    :  -$0.01695 (assumes penny discovered during work)
      SUBTOTAL:   -$0.02424 

EXPECTED GAIN
=============
AT WORK       : -$0.01424
AT LEISURE    : +$0.00601

A general function for one's expected gain from a penny is presented below:
Profit = $0.01 + (Annual Expenditures)/(1200 * Leisure Hours)
- (Cost of last Meal)*(.0029155 x Mass x Height)/(Calories in last meal) 
- (Annual Income)/(1200 * Work Hours)
 
NOTE: The reader is advised to perform this calculation during leisure hours, where, if it takes one minute, can result in a leisure-time savings of $0.067, with proportional gains with longer calculations.

 Conclusion 
 The United States one cent coin offers a strong picking-up incentive to the intelligent leisure-seeker, who can defer his normal cost-rate-of-leisure by stooping to bring a penny up from the sidewalk.  Workers who would otherwise be paid for their time lose a quantifiable but minimal amount of money in the effort, and are encouraged to leave the penny until they are no longer being paid for their time.  The time required to calculate an individual's expected profit function can offset losses from accidentally retrieving two pennies, provided it is calculated during leisure hours.  The effects of  obverse / reverse  mechanics on localized probability have not been measured but may have significant influence on the total expected gain from retrieval of a penny. 
 
 Works Cited 
 1. Dogood, Silence.  Poor Richard's Almanack , Letter to the Editor: "A Penny Saved"; 1733, Franklin Press, Philadelphia. 
2. Bureau of Labor Statistics, "Consumer Expenditures in 2002": February  2004 ,  Government Printing Office, Washington D.C. 
3. United States Census, "Median Income in 2003": June  2004 , Government Printing Office, Washington D.C. 
4. Traditional Rhyme - "See a Penny Pick It Up" 
5. United States Mint, "Coin Production Figures" 2003-2005, Washington D.C. 
6. Adams, Cecil,  The Straight Dope  article, "Is it worth it to pick up a penny?", July 1983 
 
 
 
 n.  (EER-werm), from the  German   ohrwurm : a song whose tune and/or words resonate in one's mind even in the absence of the song.  Also connotes the tune's ability to spread from host to host via almost any audio  vector . 
 Howard Rheingold, in his article "Untranslatable Words" (which appeared in the  1987  Whole Earth Review), appears to have been the first to set the English version of this word in print.  It shouldn't come as a surprise that the  Germans , with their viciously precise language full of laser-guided  compound words , and their  pop culture  bred from a bizarre marriage of  Cold War   socialism  and  capitalism , invented the term  ohrwurm .  Ever since  Beethoven  and  Mozart , the Germans have known catchy music whenever they heard it.  Like the Mexican phrase  tecato gusano  (approx. "the junkie's worm"), it just feels right to describe an external influence that has become internal as a " worm ".  Similarly, by analogy to the computer term " worm " (for malicious code which spreads quickly under the surface) you are a victim and a  vector  when you have an earworm.   
 It doesn't take a  brain surgeon  to recognize the phenomenon: you hear a song, or worse, a  snippet  of a song, and it's etched into your brain for the next five or six days.  You hum it in rhythm with your breathing as you go for a run, you whistle it on the walk across the street for lunch.  It follows you, sticks with you, infects you.  Paradoxically, you feel the urge to listen to it some more, as though finishing the song would complete your sentence and release you from its spell.  Often this serves only to burn it further into your brain.  Singing it out loud (provided the tune is recognizable) infects others, and they stumble along like  zombies , your audible  meme  replacing their grocery list in their head, overwriting critical bits of data, jamming their reception of anything else.  It competes for processor cycles.  It is insidious. 
 It doesn't take a scientist, but that didn't stop the researchers at  Dartmouth University .  They discovered (and reported in the journal  Nature ) that the brain's  auditory cortex  goes into  high gear  when you listen to a song, especially one that you know well.  Interestingly enough, they also discovered that if the music stops, the auditory cortex keeps "singing along" for several seconds.  The effect was different depending on whether or not the song had lyrics, but in either case the brain would continue to sing the song.  It seems our brain has evolved to record and play back music, as though hearing the next measure of " Love Shack " or " YMCA " would somehow provide us with just the right data to hunt down that woolly mammoth.  "Yes, of course!  I'll hit it with a tin roof -- rusted."  The familiarity of a song seems to play a strong role in the phenomenon; unfamiliar songs did not seem to cause the same effect.  One might hypothesize that the brain needs to have already "recorded" the song in its entirety before it can effect a "playback" in the song's absence.  No word on how many times one has to hear a song to record it. 
 For completeness' sake, it is worth noting that the songs they used to test this theory included the  Rolling Stones '  Satisfaction  and  Henry Mancini 's  The Pink Panther . 
 
 Da-dum, da-dum, da-dum-de-dum-de-dum, da-dum-de-daaaaa...  
 
 
 
 Letter from a well-meaning Captain 
 
Dear  Christine , I have devised a  strategy  for you. 
When  the South  shouted "enough" and  tried to leave 
the  union , we slaughtered them with rails and rifles. 
 
So please drink more water and get some sleep. 
Your  trains should run on time  and your  snipers 
must shoot sharp. Your doctor says  secession 
is best for all concerned this time around. 
 
So give up  the hill , but sell it dearly; fight 
like  cornered Texans . When your daughter asks, 
tell her: now I have  more room  to hold you. 
 
 
 
 Meteorology / Oceanography  Term  from the Greek  meso- , meaning "medium" or "moderate": a scale in between the  microscale  and  macroscale . 

 1.  In the  spatial  domain, a loosely-defined scale encompassing all phenomena that occur between 2km and hundreds of  kilometer s.  Oceanographers use a lower resolution but a larger area; meteorologists are interested in a slightly smaller area with higher  resolution .  Because ocean and  weather  effects drive each other, the definition of "mesoscale" blurs at the  interface s between the disciplines.

 2.  In the time domain, a loosely-defined scale encompassing all phenomena that occur over a day through a few weeks.  Again, oceanographers are interested in a slower class of activity because ocean conditions change more slowly than atmospheric conditions.

 Meteorologists consider  severe storms  to occur on the mesoscale both spatially and chronologically.  Mesoscale weather measurements are aggregated from grids of local  doppler radar  systems, satellite imagery, and ground-based temperature and humidity measurements.  Overlaying this data on terrain features permits the prediction of  tornado es and large severe storms.  Geostationary satellites can also detect lightning flashes; flash rate can be used as an indicator of impending tornadoes.  Mesoscale winds carry weather patterns from place to place, and are influenced by large patches of differently-colored terrain (snow and desert reflect sunlight, dark foliage and blue water absorb it).

 Oceanographers compile their mesoscale information from space-based  altimeter s to measure the sea surface height and wave height; a combination of  buoy s and space-based  infrared  imagers to measure sea surface temperature; and  spectrometer s and buoys to measure ocean  salinity .  Salinity allows precise determination of the coefficient of  thermal expansion  of a column of water.  With accurate  bathymetry  and historical data for the temperature at the bottom, temperature profile and sea surface height can be  integrate d to determine the total thermal energy in a given column of water.  A mesoscale "column" might measure 20-200km in diameter, and extend from 4km to 10km below the ocean surface.  Thermal energy measurements can be mapped to  latitude - longitude  pairs and used to predict formation and strengthening of  hurricane s and other maritime storms.  Thermal energy and temperature/depth measurements help to characterize mesoscale undersea currents, which can impact the precision of  sonar  systems.  


 
 
 
 No shit, there I was .  Some of you may have caught my daylog -- the one from  April 8, 2004  -- and if you didn't, I urge you to go check it out now.  It has direct relevance on what follows. 
 I've been on travel a lot recently.   Boulder ,  Los Angeles ,  Denver  -- in and out faster than I can blink.  Getting up at  dawn (local time)  and not sleeping until I've put in a  second day's work  back in the hotel room, checking e-mails and proofreading mind-numbing contractor documents.  Never mind making sure I have the  Red Sox  game on in the background so my good  karma  will wash over them.  Boston fans, you can thank me: I tuned into Game 4 against the Yankees because I was bored.  I didn't miss a single game after that. 
 Erica's been busy, too.  She's in grad school now at  University of Maryland  in College Park, studying nutrition.  She had exams all week, and of course she's also handling the bulk of the work getting ready for our wedding.  She's an angel, and a great kisser, and she's got great legs... and she's the meanest damn  tail gunner  ever to play  Mario Kart: Double Dash!! .  No wonder I'm going to marry her, neh? 
 I'm going to take a little timeout here to talk about the chronic overuse of the word  Zen .  Ever since the Robert Pirsig's  book  everyone goes totally apeshit about " Zen " being intricately attached to their art.  Archers, knitters, football players, soldiers, postal workers... I'm a little sick of it, personally, but I can't say I think they're entirely wrong.  A few years back, when I was an undergrad, I played  Half-Life  a lot.  I was mediocre at best, but I enjoyed it -- and then one day, after a 12-hour day of  ROTC  and senior design project preparation and a raft of endless shit, I sat down in front of my terminal and loaded up Half-Life.  Like one of  those Tibetan sonsabitches  during the  Vietnam  protests, I was  on fire .  Two-on-one kills, three-on-one kills, dodging rockets I didn't even know were coming.  I went something like 49 kills in a row on a jam-packed server without getting killed.  The fatigue put me at ease. 
 Just the other night, I was home from the West Coast after a three-week absence.  Erica was exhausted from her exams.  I poured us some  whiskey  and  cranberry  while the  lasagna  cooked.  I cannot accurately convey how tired we were when we sat down.  I turned on the  Gamecube  and we settled in for another drubbing. 
 The first race was so easy I thought that perhaps I'd accidentally set the game on 100cc.  The second race they gave us some trouble, but I still won easily.  We plowed ahead, always winning with seconds to spare, occasionally wrestling back from tough starts or bad positions -- but always squeaking by.  The second- and third-place karts were aggressive, but Erica is a demon with green shells: she would pick whichever one was closer to us in the standings and relentlessly bury them under withering fusillades of items.  Pink boxes, green shells, red shells thrown backward, bananas left behind tight turns... our nearest opponent felt her wrath.  At the end of the fourteenth race, I paused the game to let the lasagna cool down.  When I came back, I called her attention to the scores: we led with 140 points (the maximum possible at that point) and the next closest competitors were our two  nemeses , tied with 96 points each.  With two races to go, the worst possible outcome was for us to walk away with 140 and the computer to have 126. 
 I pointed out the score to Erica and she giggled.  We had only been this close once or twice before, and this goal had been eluding us for months now.  We settled in and drove the last two courses, finishing with the nefarious  Rainbow Road .  Let me tell you something: that Zen detachment bullshit is not bullshit.  I dodged almost every item on the track.  I hit dash panels five-in-a -row, I wove between giant bananas and moving  Bowser  shells, I did a variable-radius spiral turn down a blind ramp, zig-zagging between obstacles with fractions of a second to spare.  We didn't take the lead on that course until the last straightaway, where we scooted past  Donkey Kong  and his gunner  Peach , landed a jump, and corkscrewed down the last turn in a flurry of blue sparks. 
 Final Score : J.R. & Erica,  160  - a perfect score on mirror mode, to complete our trophy case.  Donkey Kong and Peach, 110.  Petey Pirhana and Toad, 110.  Nobody else was even close.  Our final time for mirror mode was 35:09:41.  Upon  Googling  to compare other people's times and scores, I find that a 160-point finish on mirror mode is widely considered a  fool's errand .  I'm all Zen and shit.  POW.
 
 
 
 Interstate 495  is  a snake that’s constantly eating its own tail , shedding its miserable skin a mile at a time, trying to keep up with the demand for space, more space, more lanes.  The existing concrete could support the  volume of traffic  if the drivers would realize they’re just one droplet in the river, but that’s not going to happen in D.C.  The way we drive here, the construction won’t be done until the Beltway is eight lanes wide in each direction, three layers tall.   Buses and compact cars  on the bottom;  wage slaves  in the middle; an exorbitant monthly fee to drive  your SUV  on the top ring, to get a little more morning sunshine through your tinted windows.  Everything here in D.C. is stratified and parceled out, and if you’re not at  the top of the pile , in the front of the line – if you don’t get to pick the shiniest, sweetest apple in the barrel for yourself – you’re left out.   You get the rotten windfalls .  You have to beg for favors from  the Anointed Ones .  If you’re not the  headline , if your name isn’t a  buzzword , then  the Washington Times  will give you a few column inches on  D6  to prove they still report on stories that the liberal media won’t touch with a ten foot pole, and by Wednesday, you’re nothing. 
 There’s not much room at the top, so it’s only natural that there’d be some anger,  a few red faces ,  a blue word or six  clouding the air inside the SUVs.  All of the retired admirals remember how to curse like sailors as they drive to their  revolving door  contracting jobs.  They still remember active duty: command is great, but the only command that matters is a carrier – the bigger the better.  Subs are good too, but only the  big ones , jam-packed with  torpedoes longer than a man , tubes stuffed with  Trident ICBMs , fractally phallic, a deterrent to other countries:  mine’s the biggest .  Long after the Beltway dwarfs the crisp ribbons of freeway through Los Angeles, there will still be construction here, still traffic jams, and it will still infuriate everyone who drives on it. 
 The  NRO  could use infrared photography from orbit to measure the increased average body  temperature  of a commuter passing through one of these construction zones on a weekday morning.  The  NSA  could activate any of a thousand cell phones that trickle through a construction zone during rush hour -- and you know they can do it, even if your phone is off -- turn on your microphone and  filter out the high staticky laughter  of a wacky morning deejay, trim down the  low tens-of-hertz  rumble of the six liter  V8  pulling the armor-plated station wagon that is the American SUV, use a  notch filter  to clip out the honking horns, and extract heart rates, violently accelerating as the owner’s car slows to a crawl around the Beltway, gobbling up following distance as if it were premium gasoline. 
 By 9:15 , the Beltway’s work is done.   Sneakers  come off and  high heels  are strapped on pale, bony feet.  Suit jackets are taken from hangers in the cavernous empty back seats.  If you listen closely, you can hear the car alarms chirping in the packed parking garages like  bats returning to their roost  for the day, echoing up to street level.  A hundred thousand white collars cling tight to sweaty purple necks.  Every hurried decision made before lunch bears the taint of the Beltway commute. 
 At about 3:00  it warms up again and slowly turns on its axis, a stiff black concrete ribbon spinning with just enough wobble, all delicately balanced on  the Capitol’s   cupola .  Now it’s hot outside, thick and humid because they built this city on a swamp.  Or it’s raining, or snowing, or most likely some  bizarre hybrid  of the two guaranteed to make stop-and-go driving an exercise in aggression and humiliation.  The friction grinds and grumbles as the  flywheel  slows down and grudgingly begins to swing back the way it came.  The  angular momentum  generated is staggering; if we were just water in pipes, the sheer amount of heat generated by the stopping and starting would boil off some of the water.  As it is, the cars boil off instead.  An accident down by  the Wilson Bridge , or up where  I-270  competes with  Escher’s  prints for absurdity, will leave two or three hideously expensive  cars piled up on the shoulder in an obscene coupling .  Tired drivers make more mistakes, change lanes without signaling, sprint to get home because they deserve their free time more than you deserve yours.  The commute home is a competition for leisure time, which they have earned, dammit, and which you obviously have not, you poor peasant.  How dare you drive on their road?  So many meals wolfed down in the evening rest in sour stomachs fouled by the almost audible malevolence of that road.  This goes on for hours, sometimes as late as 7:00. 
 The construction crews never stop working.  They sneak onto the road like  white blood cells  fighting infection in a sleeping body, taking advantage of the rest.  They put up their bright night-work lights and sweat, unseen, into the early morning hours.  It mixes with  exhaust fumes  and road grit, and settles like dew on the dark empty asphalt.  Less than twelve hours later it starts up again. 
 
 
 
 Dreamed that  Congress  passed a broadly-worded law in  2000  that forbade  stem cell  research  or any project or product thereof  from receiving any  Federal  funding.  Times changed, law was forgotten, research proceeded apace.  I dreamed of my grandchild, or second self, in  2050 , getting letters back from places he'd applied for college scholarships: 
 Mr. Parsons,
    We regret to inform you that due to your 
genetic makeup (specifically your status as a
" clone ") we are unable to offer you any 
Federally- funded scholarship.  To do so would 
violate USC 33.4.12  blah blah blah  and place our
august institution in jeopardy  yadda yadda .
     Blah blah  excellent candidate, reminiscent of 
some of our finer applicants  blah blah  high 
percentage of Federal funding at this institution 
 blah blah  cannot offer you a meal plan, student
housing, or any form of scholarship at this time.
    Our offer of admission remains open and we 
look forward to hearing from you on the matter
of your method for rendering payment.

                                           Sincerely,
                                           D. Rotten Scoundrel
                                           Director of Scholarships
 
 He stood there reading and re-reading the letter, confused about how this could happen, and I wondered, after I woke up, if he had been cloned from me -- and if he had, was I experiencing life in the middle of this century (vicariously) through my clone?  In cloning me, had my heirs sent a scout into the future for me? 
 It was all so unjust.  His sense of frustration was still bringing a mild flush to my cheeks for the first hour I was at work.  No  ROTC  scholarship, no  Social Security , no  welfare , no  tax  refunds... it just seemed absurd. 
 
 
 
 The Spine  of the novel  infinite jest  is in several colors.   Orange and blue against a background of  little fluffy clouds  in the paperback edition I own.  Zoom out to reveal the book in my hands.  Filter over the lens, we're in black and white now, but the book appears in  bright blue .  A flower on my windowsill, which an attentive user will notice is poisonous may also be tinted blue.  As film stock becomes more sepia the blue fades.  Carefully aligned on the floor in front of me are  2 00 4  pieces of beach glass. 
 The beach glass is important because it both reflects and transmits light.  With a proper filter I can catch a reflection of the poisonous plant and the empty glass next to it.  Poison reflected over and over: infection, contagion.  Floor should be BRUSHED CONCRETE or carpet.  I can't decide. 
 
 The color of  infinity  inside an empty glass: 
I'm  squinting my eye  and  turning off and on and off the light . 
It's for this experimental film, 
which nobody knows about, and which 
I'm still figuring out what's going to go 
in my experimental film. 
 
 (YEAH)  You're all gonna  be  in this 
 (YEAH)  experimental  film  and even 
 (YEAH)  though I can't explain it 
 (YEAH)   I already know how great it is. 
 The novel discusses a piece of film known as  THE ENTERTAINMENT  which is so good, so addictive, that it causes the viewer to sit mesmerized for hours on end.  The  auteur  of this particular piece, a fictional (OR IS HE???) director named James O.  Incandenza  was fascinated with light and  metempsychosis  to the point that by the time he finished it, he was insane with its power.  He committed  suicide  inside the book I'm reading, by placing his head in a microwave. 
 
 I already know the ending : it's the part that makes your face implode. 
I don't know what makes your face implode, but that's the way the movie ends. 
And in my experimental film which nobody knows about, but which 
I'm still figuring out which face implodes in my experimental film. 
 This is the part of the novel where you bring in a  Greek   CHORUS  to fill you in on the action.  We represent this by drawing  Medusa  in white  John Madden  TeleStrater lines as we zoom in on the book again.  Narrator mumbles quietly over the soundtrack -- an  accordion  and  guitar  solo  -- that the "joke" (the  INFINITE JEST  of the title!!!!!) is on the family because due to some seriously wild political shit, the body of the director is buried in Canada with the films actuall implanted in his now-ruined skull. 
 
 The color of infinity inside an empty glass! 
 
...it's for this experimental film 
which nobody knows about, and which 
I'm still figuring out what's going to go  
in my experimental film. 
 NOTE: to capture the mood of the author's work I will need to zoom way in on page 940 of the text where the plot of The Entertainment is explained.  Might help if at some point I could over-dub An Addictive Song about how most  avant garde  film is really just guesswork on the  auteur 's part.  Tough part will be finding a band that is  hip  but not really wildly successful, critically acclaimed but still  indie .  Bonus points for lyrics that contain angst or inner turmoil. 
 SOFT FOCUS on left lens of my glasses.  Zoom closely and snap into focus, revealing that I am gazing down at p. 940 of the book.  A dragonfly is perched on my book, and reflected in its wings is my ceiling fan.  ZOOM IN to reveal that the ceiling fan has been tiled in a  mosaic  of broken mirror glass -- emphasis on bad luck here -- and that reflected in the whirling glass is the whole scene as viewed from above.  CAMERA SHOULD NOT BE VISIBLE, or  mise en scene  is ruined. 
 Also see if I can get permission to put  Strong Bad  in the video.  He's the awesomest. 
 ROLL CREDITS ::: IN  COURIER NEW  AND MY HANDWRITING, THE FOLLOWING ADDENDUM ::: Tarantino ,  Kubrick ,  Lynch ,  Linnel  ( sic ),  Obama ,  Incandenza ,  Flansburgh ?   They Might Be Giants , But I Am Standing On Their Shoulders.
 
 Works cited: 
1.  Incandenza, James O.   Infinite Jest ( V ?) .   YTSDB .  Poor Yorick Entertainment Unlimited. 
2.  Sad, Strong  and  Cheat, The   Experimental Film  (mixed media) at 
   http://www.homestarrunner.com/expfilm.html,  Homestar Runner  Films, Ltd. 
3.  Incandenza, James O.   Kinds of Light .   BS  Meniscus Films, Ltd. 
4.  Flansburgh, John  and  Linnell, John .   The Spine , (first track only!) 2004  Elektra  records. 
5.  Wallace, David Foster .   Infinite Jest  (a novel) , 1996, Little Brown and Co. 
 
 
 
 
Overheard crossing the street 
 (in  Silver Spring, Maryland  on the way to catching my Z8  bus home from a long shift at work where I mostly just  logged into  E2  and worked on a sketch illustrating  
the last scene of  allseeingeye 's writeup about  guns and robots ) 
--  fair warning, this is basically irrelevant to the rest of my day: 
 
 "Once I dated a dark sister,  black like coffee .  Never, not once,  showed up on time   for nothing , and I asked her,  Why you always so  late ? " 
 "She said,  Ain't you never heard of  Zulu Time ? " 
 
 
 
 n.  - { koks boks }: 
 Crew  (Rowing) Slang.  From the shortened form of " coxswain " and the word "box" meaning "container", a  cox box  is a waterproof electronics package that connects to a modern  shell 's wiring system, serving two main purposes: as an  amplifier  for the coxswain's commands, and as a readout for the various  sensor s that are installed in a modern crew shell. 
 Sensor Suite 
 The bare minimum sensor suite is a  timer  and a magnetic  pickup  (not unlike the one in an  electric guitar ).  The pickup goes under the seat of the  stroke  (the rear-most rower, responsible for keeping the pace that the coxswain orders) and returns a " ping " to the cox box every time the seat passes the pickup.  This gives the coxswain the boat's  stroke rate , a very important measurement during a race.  An optional button on the box can start and stop the clock for  split  times; better cox boxes can keep (in  volatile memory ) splits for each 100m, 250m, 500m, 1000m, and so on.  All of the sensor data are displayed on a small  LCD  screen (on more expensive models, this screen can be  backlit ).  Newer models carry a "true speed" sensor that determines speed relative to the water, so that upstream and downstream workouts can be compared as  apples to apples .  After a race or a practice, more expensive cox boxes can download the race profile to a  PC  via  RS-232 , allowing  anal retentive  coaches to figure out what went wrong (or right) in the race.  Coxswains should note: some  polarized  sunglasses will be polarized with a 90-degree shift relative to the cox box's  LCD  screen, and make the LCD invisible.   Race day  is not the day to find this out. 
 Amplifier 
 The amplifier (sometimes called the "cox vox", from the  Latin  for " voice ":  any school with a  crew  program probably has a  Latin  professor, too) is simple.  Small electrically driven speakers are placed in the  bow  of the boat and, in an eight-seat boat (simply an "eight" in crew parlance),  amidships .  A  hands-free   microphone  attached to an elastic headband -- all waterproof! -- is wired into the cox box.  The boat's plug contains two pins for audio.  The coxswain adjusts the volume knob so that his rowers can hear him, but so that other boats on the water cannot.  Everything he says is amplified and comes to the rowers like the voice of God.   Vox Dei  and then some: "Row You Bastards Row,"  etc. 
 A story about the cox box 
 No shit, there I was , rowing two seat in the  Schmolze , a boys' eight named for a dead alumni.  Chuck was coxing that day, and had been up late the night before fiddling with his cox box.  Now, like I said above, you usually turn the cox box down so that other boats can't hear you.  This is essential to race strategy, because you can call a  power ten  and accelerate away from an opponent before they can react.  A lead is hard to recover, and the enemy's coxswain can wear out his  crew  trying to play catch-up.  So you turn the box down.  Occasionally Chuck would call a  power twenty  with the volume up loud -- so loud he knew they heard -- and then call quietly to  belay  his order.  They burn a few strokes before they realize we were  bluff ing.  The psychological effect on the other boat, and their coxswain, is crushing. 
 That day, Chuck told us he needed us to focus, and that he had a surprise for us in the boat.  During the race, he said, we would  know  when to pull our power twenty and break ahead.  We would crush their spirits, he said.  All we had to do was trust him, and stick to the race plan.  We were one seat-length ahead of St. Mark's on the water, coming up on the 500m  buoy  in a 1500m race, and Chuck turns the volume all the way up.  He hollers into the microphone, " Can you hear me, St. Mark's?  Because this is what happens when you try to stick with St. Andrew's! "  There was a squeal of  feedback , a *pop* as he switched inputs, and then, just like we were in the common room on a Saturday eating popcorn,  timpani  and  brass : "DON DON DON, DON D-DON, DON D-DON!"  ... The Imperial March  from  Star Wars  comes booming out of our boat.  Chuck had wired a  Walkman  to his  cox box .  We started the power twenty and held a vicious pace for the next sixteen measures.  I didn't see anything -- "eyes in the boat,  Schmolze !" -- except the St. Mark's boat drifting away into our wake.  Later on we threw Chuck into the pond. 
 
 Addendum :  Like  Kleenex ,  Band-Aid , and  Jell-O , "Cox-box" is a brand name.  Nielsen-Kellerman makes the Cox-Box brand Crew Electronics Package, which retails (with no accessories) for $419 plus  shipping and handling .  Speakers, wiring harnesses, brackets, and microphones are all extra.  A full system for an eight can cost upwards of $1,000 as of this writing.  It's the industry standard, but all such packages are called cox boxes. 
Information from my personal experience; memories refreshed at  http://www.nkhome.com/rp/coxbox/coxbox.html 
 
 
 
 Keyboard Vector Passwords 
 It's commonly accepted that the use of  random  strings including  special characters  makes for a pretty strong computer password.  There is a nearly-infinite variety of algorithms you can use to generate these passwords, most involving a step of  obfuscation  like  1337 speak  or remembering a  mnemonic .  One weakness inherent in these passwords is that the obfuscation technique or mnemonic can be difficult to remember, and so the resulting password is often written down (ironically, because it appears to be  gibberish , it calls more attention to itself as a potential password).  On systems requiring frequent password changes, even the best password creation techniques can come up dry after six or seven cycles.  Below, I present a method for the easy creation of passwords that can be remembered as  vector s.  For those users of secure systems who have good  spatial  skills but poor language skills, this technique can be a lifesaver. 
 Take a look at your  keyboard .  Unless you've got a really bizarre one, the keys are in five or six major rows, and because of their slight horizontal  offset s, the columns are slanted.  For example, after those dark gray keys on the left, you could call the keys  1 ,  Q ,  A , and  Z  a column.  You could also call  7 ,  Y ,  G , and  V  a column.  On their own, these columns each look like gibberish, and when you combine them, you get  1qaz7ygv , a pretty nice password.  Need it to be stronger?  Hold down  SHIFT  while you type the first column.  Now you've got  !QAZ7ygv , which almost certainly doesn't appear in any dictionaries. 
 There are two strengths to this system that set it apart from other password generation methods.  First, if the user is not in front of a keyboard, the user will be hard-pressed to write down the password.  Because the user will never see it written in  plaintext , the user may not even recognize his password if asked to choose it from a list!  This is a minor strength, mostly for systems where a user might be placed under  duress .  The other benefit of this system is that it allows for a password to be "rotated" when it expires.  After ninety days, the user simply holds down  SHIFT  for the other half of the password, and the above password becomes  1qaz&YGV .  Ninety days later, switch the first and last columns, and get  &YGV1qaz .  Ninety days later, travel  up  the keyboard, and get  ZAQ!vgy7 .  Ninety days later, shift every character to the right:  @WSX8uhb .  The user has only to remember which two characters are the basis of the password, whether by name ("one-shift-seven") or by visual position. 
 This method comes with one large weakness.  If the limited version I propose above becomes  widespread , it could conceivably be cracked by adding the 38 four-character "vectors" from a standard QWERTY keyboard to a dictionary file as "words".  If one assumes that a user is using  only  this method to create passwords, and holding down  SHIFT  in only whole-vector increments, then the search space is trivially small (5776 possible passwords) and can be cracked easily. 
 Luckily, key vectors don't need to be straight lines of four characters.  Variations that reduce the weakness of my four-character vectors include  chess  moves (particularly the  knight's tour ) or other non-random walks around the keyboard.  A chess buff like  gitm  might decide to encode the first four moves of  The Immortal Game ,  The Ruy Lopez , or  The French Defense  into this method, placing his  rook  (a1) at "Z" and his opponent's (a8) at "1".  Further, to add special characters and mixed caps, he might hold down  SHIFT  to signify picking up a piece.  An opening pawn move (e4 ... e6) would then be "F4" (white's fourth  pawn  moves forward two squares) followed by "Rv" (black's  pawn  in the same file moves forward one).  To rotate such a password, the player could simply play the next sequence of moves every ninety days.  Because good chess players have excellent spatial memories, it is not impossible that some of them already use a similar technique. 
 Using the vector method above creates memorable passwords that appear random and are unconnected to the language.  By adding vectors other than the trivially simple ones, pseudo-random passwords can be created that defy dictionary attacks and forestall  brute force  attacks.  Further, the ease with which vector passwords can be rotated can help increase user  compliance  for password policies requiring frequent changes. 
 
 
 
 So I'm playing  Mario Kart: Double Dash!!  with Erica while we digest our dinners, shortly before she goes back to studying for her  Biochemistry  exam. 
 A minor digression: We're pretty good at this game, she and I.  The game permits two players to divide the tasks of "driver" and "gunner", much in the fashion of  snowspeeder s in  The Empire Strikes Back .  Communication is important; luck is important; being able to sense your teammate's next move is important.  We work well together, with the easy, practiced synergy of lovers.  We're not perfect, but we're getting there.  She uses the standard controller; I use a wireless  Wavebird .  We've been playing for months, and it shows. 
 Our latest goal has been to get a perfect score on each of the  Grand Prix  cup races in the game.  For four of the cups, this means we have to finish first of eight karts in four consecutive races.  We managed this within a few weeks of buying the game.  For the grueling All Cup Tour, however, we need to finish first in  sixteen  consecutive races.  We've had the game since Christmas, and we still have not accomplished this goal.  The amount of skill required is nothing to scoff at, but once you add seven computer opponents using red shells, undodgeable blue shells, and completely unanticipated lightning, the amount of sheer probability you're up against is staggering.  Not only do you have to do everything right to win, but also the computer karts must play "nice", or squabble amongst themselves while you steal the glory. 
 We were four or five races in when my least-favorite course ( Waluigi  Stadium) came up.  I drove it perfectly; the computer opponents never got a look at me after the second lap.  Erica's gunning was sublime. 
 We were ten races in when I drove  Donkey Kong  Mountain (my second-least-favorite) extremely well; Erica managed a bank shot with an unguided green shell that effectively shut down our closest opponent.  She honked the horn as we drifted across the finish line.  Ten perfect first-place finishes, and all of the truly hard races complete. 
 Another digression: since we are pursuing a perfect game, we typically quit whenever we come in second.  Second place is only worth eight points out of ten.  Our standing top score right now is 156 out of a possible 160.  That's two second-place finishes in a string of sixteen races.  We so rarely come in third that it doesn't really bear thinking about. 
 We are fourteen races through, and still easily beating everything they send us.  The course is  Mario  Circuit.  We've done every tough race; it's a cake walk from here on out.  Mario Circuit is one of my favorites, actually, because the corners lend themselves to coordinated power slides (each player has an important role in a  power slide  - you can gauge how well two people work together by how precisely they power slide).  That course and  Yoshi  Circuit are courses on which I always say, to the  Gamecube , "you must respect my cornering."  I always beat the computer on these courses.  Always.  Even if it's with a  hair's-breadth  power slide on the last turn of the race, I always win. 
 You can already see it coming, can't you?  Can't you?  But what makes a  suspense  story work is this: you know I didn't win that fourteenth race, but you don't know what went wrong.  You can't know.  I've planted the seeds, but you can't see it coming. 
 No shit, there I was .  Halfway through the last lap of Mario Circuit, neck and neck with two other karts.  My second-favorite  hairpin  (a downhill left turn on dirt, into a 90-degree right turn) is visible up ahead.  I pull the left trigger, begin sliding left, and immediately the blue sparks shoot up from my tires in a fiendish  rooster tail .  I release the slide and accelerate clear of the pack.  I enter a second slide to the right, drifting through four or five item boxes.  I've got my item (Erica's holding it, at the ready, because she sees how close the race is): we're holding a  mushroom , a  nitrous  turbo boost.  A short S-turn left-and-right, then a 90-degree left turn over a bridge, and we've won.  This race is close, but not the closest we've won this evening. 
 S-turn.   Goomba s to the left of me,  goomba s to the right.  I pull the trigger to start the last power slide left.  Erica is waiting to punch the mushroom and launch us over the stone bridge.  A white picket fence looms in front of us and I yank the stick to the left to execute that last turn... and the fence keeps looming.  Our speedometer drops, and we coast to a pleasant but terrifying stop against the fence.  The controls are not responding.  In a blind panic, I punch the START button to pause the game, but the light on my controller is out.  I toggle the power switch on my controller.  No luck.   The batteries in my Wavebird are dead .  I lunge forward, swapping her controller for mine, and  she pauses the game. 
 We're against the fence, though.  We must have taken three, four... possibly five whole seconds to pause.  We just  sat  there.  We replace the batteries with a sense of dread.  We unpause, correct our course, and sputter across the finish line... in  fourth place .  Fourth.  Place.  Six points out of ten.  We are not only going to miss our perfect game, but we have, in a single stroke, dropped under our top score.  There is no doubt in my mind that we would have won that race. 
 We ran the last two races anyway.  My head wasn't in the game, and we came in third place on  Rainbow Road  to end the evening.  Our total time was almost a minute faster than our previous record, but our score was a shameful 152.  I'm going to pick up some fresh batteries on the way home tonight.  I want a rematch. 
 
 
 
 "Here, J.R., if you like hot sauces, this stuff is for you." " Endorphin Rush , eh?  Smells strong." "No, J.R., that's too much.  Just get one  tine  of your fork in there.  That's more than enough.  Okay, now wait until I get some bread for you."  from  New Year's Eve   1994  (my first time) 
 Endorphin Rush is a hot sauce famous for its intensity, made by Garden Row Foods from Franklin Park,  Illinois .  Don't use too much.  It's the  hot sauce  I use when I want my dinner to be spicy, but I don't particularly want to taste the  vinegar  of a sauce like  Tabasco  or  Frank's Red Hot .  Don't use too much.  It's a dark brown sauce with the consistency of thick  syrup  or  alfredo sauce , containing  tomato paste ,  water ,  pepper extract ,  vinegar ,  sugar ,  molasses , and  soy sauce .  Don't use too much.   "Blah blah blah,"  you're thinking,  "so it's hot.  I can eat hot foods."   Good for you, you stud.  I hope someone hands you a bottle and you cautiously splash half a teaspoon on your  burrito . 
 Endorphin Rush gets its name from the fact that once you've ingested the "right" amount (half a teaspoon is a little much, but one drop isn't quite enough) your  taste buds  basically give up sending flavor reports and start sending your brain  pain  measurements on a  logarithmic  scale.  A few minutes later, after woefully undercorrecting several times, the  endorphin s your body is sending to put out the fire kick in.  Your ears may ring just a little.  Your forehead will probably still be sweating.  You may get light-headed.  That's the endorphin rush. 
 The sauce clocks in at 120,000  Scoville Heat Units , so it's probably about 2%  capsaicin .  I use two or three drops in a large bowl of  macaroni and cheese  to turn an otherwise bland meal into something with a little  bit of kick.  In a batch of my  Guinness and Black Bean Chili  I will sometimes put as much as a  tablespoon  if everyone eating the batch enjoys very very spicy foods.  As with any sauce this hot, you should use caution--the pepper extract in the sauce is a mild  toxin  and will cause  chemical burns .  Wash your hands carefully after handling, keep it away from any sensitive areas, and--I've said it before-- don't use too much. 
 
 
 
 Air Knives Explained 
 or, " Dude , where's my curtain transvector?" 
 "Air Knife" is the more common name for a  curtain transvector .  The air knife accelerates and amplifies the  airflow  coming into it, just as a  nozzle  would, but also transforms the  turbulent  inflow into a  laminar  planar outflow.  This means that you have a jostling, unstable cylinder of air (whose shape is constrained by the pipe or hose the air travels in) for the input, but your output is a wide, flat sheet (or " knife ") of air that retains its shape over several feet, with no external influence. 
 Applications 
 or, "Laminar?  I hardly even know 'er." 
 Air knives have several industrial uses.  They can be used to dry anything moving by on a  conveyor belt , especially where the objects to be dried are wide, or there is insufficient space in the  assembly line  to store them for normal drying.  They can replace conveyor belts for tiny parts--picture tiny computer  case screws  in a wide but shallow  stainless steel  trough.  With an air knife behind them, they could be  blown  several feet down the line.  You can also use the tight ribbon of air to clean off items that you don't want to expose to a water wash.
 Applications 
 ...that you might actually care about. 
 The real strength of an air knife lies in its ability to use air from somewhere other than its location; this means you can use air that's been heated or cooled (from the building's  air conditioner  or  heater ) or even air that's been  ionized !  The latter is useful for removing  static electricity  from electronic parts before they are bagged and shipped--and I know how  static-free  you like your  electronic parts .  Heated (or chilled) air is useful for separating hot air from cold air.  You've most likely encountered an air knife serving this purpose in a large store (like a  grocery store , a  Home Depot , or a  Wal-Mart ).  The air knife is placed over the top of the building's main door, and when the door is opened, the air knife turns on, putting a barrier of swiftly-moving air between the uncomfortable outside environment and the wonderfully temperate indoor climate.  This works equally well in  summer or winter ; all you need to do is run a hose from the outflow of your building's  HVAC  system straight into the air knife, and use a  relay  or  infrared  door opener switch to activate and deactivate the air knife.  The cost of running the air knife is minimal compared to heating or cooling the external air that would normally "leak" into your building every time the door opened. 
 So what? 
 Yeah, so what? 
 Oh, I see how it is.  Very well.  The AIR KNIFE offers businesses the opportunity to save  energy  and  money  by further increasing man's control over the elements, and represents a stunning achievement in the field of applied  fluid dynamics . 
 And I think they're pretty freakin' sweet. 
 Happy? 
 
 
 
 ...but you can't tell him much." --American Military Joke 
 And like every joke, it has its roots in the truth.  The first part does, anyhow; I don't care to test a Marine's  sense of humor .   United States Marines  are amazingly easy to spot in a crowd.  Other members of the U.S. military aren't quite as simple to identify, but you'd be surprised how easy it is once you start looking. 
 This node is intended to be a short guide to identifying people from a distance who may be U.S. military personnel, and is admittedly skewed towards identifying men (since the women in the military tend to retain their fashion sense even after training). 
 You've got the look 
 First of all, look at the individual.  Everyone in the U.S. military is required to keep their hair cut within regulations (with the possible exception of Special Forces... but if you're dealing with them, you better already know most of this stuff).  The haircut will not necessarily be the ubiquitous  white wall  or  jarhead  haircut, but some sort of  high and tight  or  buzz  cut.  A male in the military will have short hair, and will rarely have any facial hair.   The exception is a small  mustache , trimmed so that it doesn't extend past the corners of the mouth. 
 Dress to Impress 
 The clothing worn off-duty by military personnel tends to be conservative, too.  I call the following outfit the "official off-duty uniform" because it's such a dead giveaway.  Look for khakis (or "dressy" blue jeans) worn with a collared  golf shirt .  The shirt is almost certain to be tucked in.  Casual shoes will be brown or black (athletic shoes are less common) and shined if appropriate.  Navy and Marine Corps personnel may have a white  crew-neck  T-shirt showing underneath the open button on their collar; Air Force and Army personnel will not. 
 Accessorize! 
 Because of the etiquette surrounding the  salute , many military members will carry a briefcase in their left hand rather than their right; this frees the right hand for saluting and holding doors.  Likewise, a backpack will be worn over the left shoulder.  Look for a watch worn on the left wrist (to indicate right-handedness) before you jump to conclusions, though.  Men in the military will not have  pierced ears , and unless they're out clubbing in something revealing, you probably won't see their  tattoos . 
 
 Plays well with others 
 We hang out with the people we work with, by and large, so look for military members to travel in packs just as much as any other social group.  Four guys with the same haircut and the aforementioned outfits hanging out with a girl who's clearly at ease?  Odds are good they're military (or gay... or both).  Listen for lots of  acronym s in their speech.  Like most Americans, military members tend to speak a little more loudly than absolutely necessary, and sometimes a little  eavesdropping  can tell you everything you need to know.  The U.S. military is one of the most integrated workplaces in the country - look for an astonishing mix of races among the men and women.  If the men are out with their wives, look for spouses from overseas, especially Japan, Korea, Germany, and Saudi Arabia (less common). 
 That "Je Ne Sais  Hua " 
 That's all I can offer, but I will throw this last tip out: attitude.  There's a difference in their gait, in the way they deal with waitresses and clerks (when's the last time you called the  Starbucks   barista  " ma'am "?), and in their  situational awareness .  Whether you're using this guide to avoid them or pick them up, I hope the advice I've offered helps you find the military man you're looking for. 
 
 Disclaimer:  Lots of other groups in America tend to wear their hair and clothing conservatively, often in the style of the military.  For some groups, it's an effort to co-opt that air of  uniformity  and  professionalism .  For others, it's about looking "sharp".  Nonetheless, if you follow this guide, you may hit some  false positives  among law enforcement and federal civil service (there's a big overlap between these groups and the military); emergency personnel (the uniformity is consistent with the discipline required to run one of these services); and the occasional non-military man, who just likes short haircuts and a  sharp-dressed man  as much as anyone else (and really, who doesn't?). 
 At the same time, you will get a lot of false negatives.  Even in a group that values uniformity as much as the military, some people don't fit the mold.  They wear their hair right on the edge of regs, they have a fake  earring  for the weekends, and they blend into normal society wherever they are.  The only real way to know is to ask. 
 
 
 
( adj. )  American Sports Slang  -  1.  synonym for  shut out ; defeated while having scored no points; returned from a fishing or hunting trip with no catch. 
 When a team is defeated and has not scored a point, they are said to have been "skunked".  No team has ever been skunked in the  Super Bowl .  The  World Series  has ended in a 4-game " sweep " several times; countless games in the Series have also resulted in skunkings.  The slang is usually confined to  elementary school  and  middle school  athletics; adults (and high school athletes, who like to appear more mature than they are) use the more common " shut out ". 
 Getting skunked generally implies total loss, a wasted trip,  no joy , coming home empty-handed, and/or utter defeat. 
 "And the San Diemas Sharks have  skunked  their playground rivals, the San Diemas Slugs." 
"I went fishing the other day, and not only did I end up getting  skunked , but the beer I brought was  skunked , too!" 
 
 
 
 Happy New Year.   I'm engaged now, so for the next year I'll be planning my wedding and working on passing the Patent Bar.  My intent for the near-term is to keep killing.  Watch this space for my latest and greatest kills.

 C!ed 
 
 Rhonchisonant 
 
 
 
 Killed 
 
 Flying zip ties  - I spent more time nuking this than you did writing it.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Jeff "Skunk" Baxter's career as a musician is--and probably will always be--what he is most famous for in most of America, but in  Washington, D.C. , he's considered an expert on missile defense first, and a good guitarist second.  At my last job, I had the privilege of sitting in on a closed-door briefing about missile defense with him. 
 Jeff Baxter wore a coat and tie, pulled his hair back into a very neat  ponytail , and sat at the head of the table while my boss explained some aspects of my organization's work to him.  I think we were all skeptical about how much he was really taking in, but then skepticism is a healthy trait in our field.  About the time we were trying to decide whether to call him "Mr. Baxter" or just "Skunk" (I honestly forget which he asked us to call him), he started asking questions, and we smiled despite ourselves, because we pretty much had him pegged. 
 Is he an engineering genius?  Doubtful, but history is full of famous inventors and eccentrics who weren't mainstream "engineers" and still did a lot for the field.  The better question would be: does he know more about ballistic missile defense than you do?  Probably.  And another one: does he know the science behind ICBMs, intercept radars (which has some surprising analogues in the field of acoustics), and  reentry vehicle s better than you do?  Absolutely. 
 You see, "on the side" Jeff Baxter is a private consultant for the Potomac Institute for Policy Studies, and a member of their board of Regents.  He's currently serving as the Chairman of the Civilian Advisory Board for Ballistic Missile Defense, and has done other work with the  Missile Defense Agency   and the Pentagon.  I've seen his name linked to the  National Imagery and Mapping Agency 's "InnoVision" group.  His work is only vaguely referred to in most of the articles I found probably for the same reason I only vaguely discussed what we actually briefed him on when he was in my building. 1  He is well-respected within the DoD community for being an " outside the box " thinker on issues like battlespace visualization and missile defense, and is also rumored to be a fierce and creative "Red Teamer" in wargames. 2 
 Many of the articles I've read about him point out the apparent incongruity of a classic rock guitarist doing technical and policy analysis for the Pentagon, or being--gasp!--a conservative.  Like  Ronald Reagan ,  Jesse Ventura , and  Arnold Schwarzenegger , "Skunk" will probably always have a hard time being taken seriously for his work in the government, and his possible planned run for Congress will probably be stuck in the  News of the Weird  section until a few "real people" have met him and listened to him speak.  Personally, I'm glad he's on our side. 
 
1. Because it's, um, really boring.  Yeah, that's it.  Boring.  Nothing to see here.  Don't bother trying to reconcile his security clearance with all the drug references in his band names. 
2. Yeah, I went to ROTC for four years, got my commission, worked my tail off, and played real-time strategy games out the wazoo, and what do I do for the government?  I buy weather satellites.  Classic-rock boy just jumps  right  to the front of the "cool jobs" line.  He's already  had  a cool job--he's a  rock star !!  No, I'm not bitter.  Not a bit.
 
 
 
 
 I will  kiss  the Girl From Venus! 1 
 
 donsilk 
 pjfruend3 
 bhesters 
 Kobie 
 heyheymymy 
 lburkley 
 dolan53 
 TwiztidBtchette 
 explorer 
 Gnome Hat 
 Young Yoda 
 shannonjordan 
 MyBro 
 Laron 
 Xerxyl 
 Satancamel 
 dee415 
 
 Flowers  die  and so will I. 
 
 the NHL vs the NHLPA  by  RoyHoo33   by request 
 what men want in a woman  by  VelvetVoice   first-time noder, first writeup.  I can't greet them all in the first five minutes they're here... 
 D&D vs. teen girl magazines  by  Heron Blade   kind of like arguing that telemarketers are totally different from spammers, so we shouldn't be mad at both of them.  The refreshing undercurrent of implied sexism was troll bait. 
 Supermag  by  DummeGaas   Still learning to node. 
 something trying to tell me somebody  by  Tlogmer   at  hir  request 
 Filled an  E2 Nuke Request  by  AnBolb  involving many old and whiny writeups.
 Hull  by  cpt 2   Three words isn't 
 TWO-DOLLAR BILL  by  MyBro   PICK TITLES CAREFULLY  and also learn about  Capitalization in Node Titles ... not horrible for a first effort, just in the wrong place with a nuke-bait title. 
 Skew  by  pr0t0plasm   If you're going to node slang or jargon,  don't make shit up .  Check out  kthejoker's  excellent  Hecka  for an exceptional slang writeup, or my  light colonel  for something more middle-of-the-road. 
 Reverse airport test of relationships  by  Xerxyl   Only three hardlinks, confused grammar, and poor spelling.  Try again. 
 Progressive Rock  by  relayer tell me more. 
 Schlock Rock  by  Metacognizant because she replaced it with the slightly different  Shlock Rock 
 Chicken McNuggets  by  chefjohn even if it is true, it still needs to  link and link . 
 metapad  by  alvin superseded by  MALTP 
 
 I will kiss the Girl From Venus:  for s C ience! 
 
 Santa Fe, New Mexico  by  Young Yoda   a solid factual writeup is.  More like this I hope to see, mmmm...! 
 mithridatism  by  Tem42   I was inspired to  C!  this after reading  kthejoker 's  fabulous " Nothing is poison.  Everything is poison. ", which is also  C! -worthy. 
 Schlock Rock  by  Metacognizant   'cause everybody wants a rock to wind a piece of string around. 
 
 
 
 I greeted each of these noders within their first 24 hours on  E2 .  I typically include links to  the Perfect Node ,  E2 Clueless (newbie) mistakes to avoid ,  /msg , and  the Power Structure of Everything2  in my greeting.  Two noders this month wrote back and thanked me for the friendly welcome.  I take this as a sign that I'm doing some good. 
 cpt  is a new noder who started to write a series of nodes about shotguns and the mechanics of reloading one's own shells.  This (the writing, not the reloading) is a common problem with noders who are otherwise very attentive to our rules.  It seems like the desire exists to create a vaguely  inbred  series of definitions and jargon from one topic, and then slowly integrate their own nodespace with the  nodegel .  Can we (or do we already) address this in one of the  FAQs ? 
 
 
 
 REWIND  *  PLAY  *  FAST FORWARD 
 greetings. 
 My personal  jihad  to greet new noders--or is it a  mitzvah ?--goes well, but I can't shake the feeling that I'm letting some of them slip through the cracks.  This is just one of many little duties that we will have to decide (as individuals) whether or not to do.  If an  edev  person wants to write a script to list the 50 newest users  (pleeeeeease?)  that'd really help.  Maybe I'm too altruistic, but I think creating it as a  superdoc  accessible to all would be fine.  But let's not argue policy about it until it exists.  If it ever does.  Until then, I'll be relying on my  spider sense  to tell if noders are new. 
 Oh, yeah: does not logging every one of my kills and fixes make me a bad editor?  Now that we've got speedier page loads, maybe I should be writing some of this stuff down. 
 
 nuked : 
 Chinese water torture  by  PuppyHelmet 
 Why I sometimes consider suicide  by  Cherokee244 
 riser  by  nosferatu 
 audio/modem riser  by  nosferatu 
 audio/modem riser  by  getzburg 
 
 cooled   The Curse of Colonel Sanders , a wonderful two-part node with two short and sweet writeups.  My first  cool --the first time I really felt that the node (and not just one of its writeups) merited the  C! ++.

 
 
 
 Zero Population Growth 
 
 Ouroboros  suggested this strategy to me, and I like it.  I'm not going to add any more writeups--except the occasional  editor log --until I've killed my weight in writeups.  From then on, I'll be establishing a one-to-one ratio.  Plant one  walnut , chop down one walnut tree.  This is going to mean a lot of trips to the  Robotic Editor Shack  for me.  The good news is that if I kill one of my own, then I get "double credit" for it:  kills ++ , writeups -- . 
 I've also taken to pre-emptively attacking new noders.  Not that I don't  enjoy  blasting first-time writeups... in fact, with my above goal, I should probably let them fall where they may.  But since the  Other Users  nodelet tells you if a noder is new, I've taken to  /msg ing all the Day One people.  My first words are always: 
 ( r ) 2003.8.20@13:00  Jurph  says  Welcome to  Everything2 ! 
 
 
 
 On the southwest corner of Corry Street and Dayton-Yellow Springs Road in  Yellow Springs, Ohio , there's a two-storey brick building with an adjacent  greenhouse .  It's about twenty minutes off of  Interstate 70  outside  Dayton, Ohio , if you're passing through.  It's painted dark red, and most days there's a chalkboard out front with their hours posted.  In case you're wondering (and by the time I've finished telling you, you'll be begging to know) the hours are: 
 Dinner 
 Mon  - 5:30 to 9:30 
 Thu ,  Fri ,  Sat ,  Sun  - 6:30 to 9:30 
 Brunch 
 Sat  and  Sun  - 11:00 to 2:00 
 phone:  (937)-767-8890 
 When you walk in, someone wil seat you--probably Guy, the manager and  head waiter  (and possibly also the owner).  It's the  English  pronunciation, not the  French , by the way.  You'll be seated at a wooden picnic table, or a metal patio table with a hole for an umbrella, or maybe a dining-room table from a yard sale.  The chairs are equally assorted--you may even end up on a bench.  The main dining room seats 20, the greenhouse perhaps another 20 when it's open.  Smile, settle in, and order drinks. 
 The drinks are the normal assortment of beverages ( Vanilla Coke ,  Coke ,  ginger ale , etc.) but also include some exotic sodas.   Cocorico  is a coconut-flavored soda from  Puerto Rico ,  Malta  is a molasses-flavored cola from  India .  Vanilla rum and mint teas are available, as well as a dark coffee.  I like  Cocorico  to start with because its light flavor goes with almost anything.  This is important, because at this point, you  still  don't know what you're having. 
 When the waiter returns with your drinks, he will tell you where the Gypsy--that's their cook, always called The Gypsy (or simply "she", e.g.  "She's been doing strange stuff with potatoes this month..." )--has taken the kitchen this week.  For dinner, this can be almost anywhere in  Europe ,  South America ,  Asia , or  Africa .  Last night I ate a  Cuban  dish with black beans, three types of sausage, lemon rice, and sweet potato cornbread.  My girlfriend had a chicken dish in a spicy peanut sauce.  Also on the menu was a vegetarian dish with white beans and rice in a light sauce, and their signature dinner,  Cornish Game Hen  with  jerk  seasoning.  That's typical: the Cornish Hen, something vegetarian, and one or two more meals.  There are only three or four things on the menu on any given night. 
 For brunch, there are seven or eight dishes that seem to rotate around the menu, never more than four available on a given day.  These include the  pecadillo , a Cuban meat-rice-vegetables-and-eggs dish;  Montezuma  French Toast, made from  baguette  bread and dusted with Mexican cocoa and drizzled with honey, served with  creme fraiche ;  Egg Foo Yung ; Parmesan  polenta  with chicken sausage and Cajun shrimp; Onion and garlic biscuits with sausage gravy; and two or three more that are more rare. 
 Desserts are available with breakfast or dinner, so save room.  You never know what's on the menu, and usually there will be a maximum of three desserts offered with dinner.  One is almost always loaded with  chocolate , usually in conjunction with  espresso ; one might include tropical fruits; one I've seen a few times was a pear poached in white whine, stuffed with raspberries, served in sweet cream.  Last night I had an olive oil and honey cake with plum sauce. 
 Hungry yet?  Good.  Now, a few more things.  Service is  Parisian , by which I mean "not in a hurry".  A meal, with dessert, can take over two hours.  Don't even think of eating here if you're in a hurry.  Guy has an incredible memory for faces, and if you are a repeat customer, you will feel very much welcome and at ease.  Last night I overheard some regulars telling Guy he wasn't charging enough; this is probably true.  Your main course will probably not cost more than $13.00 (including salad) and your dessert probably won't exceed $5.00. 
 I've been living in Dayton for almost three years now, and other  gourmet  restaurants fall flat next to the Gypsy.  I get a different  gourmet  dish every time, friendly service (not just super-polite, and not  faux  friendly like a sports bar), and all at a price I simply can't beat.  I heartily recommend it. 
 
 
 
 earlier  : thursday 0400 :  later 
 "I only get my 
     rocks off 
     when I'm  
     dreaming." 
     - mick 
 The  parenthesis  slams shut like a car door, shaking your frame like waking from a falling dream.  If you don't meet her, pick her up by five, the whole deal's off.  Your eyelids flutter at the licks from the guitar.   Rolling Stones  on the car radio, and you look at the clock.  Is it really  Thursday morning ?  How many hours has it been since you slept?  That's not the right question: it's an elementary math problem, multiples of twenty four, of seven, numerology, astrology,  miles per gallon , thrust-to-weight ratios... all too simple.  This is the  algebra  of sleep, and there are variables you have not considered.  The Chinese philospher pointed out the futility of trying to determine whether one is in a waking dream.  The right question is not  binary , but open-ended: how deep in these parentheses have you nested yourself?  Not "how long since I slept" or "how long have I been awake", but "how many dreams must I wake from before dawn?") 
 Too much time has passed.  Your right hand is still on the key, your left hand high on top of the steering wheel.  Headlights splash out over the otherwise empty parking lot.  Shaking your head to clear out the cobwebs, you remember being here before, dreaming the dream where you can't start the car, can't get on the road, even though you're late.  You know that if you turn up the car radio, it'll help keep you awake, and your right hand, which has finally gotten the message to let go of the ignition, is reaching for the dial when you notice it's already on.  And loud.  Fourteen thousand times a second, the speaker moves; magnetism pushes the impulse through.  There's only one thing to do: drive.  Drive fast, far.  You're already 10 minutes behind.   Shimmer over bridges like the river was a dream .  Make for the interstate.) 
 So you ran faster, but it caught you here .  Every time you blink, your heart skips a beat, not knowing what's going to be on the other side of the millisecond of darkness.  This whole week has been darkness, hiding in silent basements during the days, driving, working, staying awake during the nights, and all the while, the music.  This early, the highway should be empty, but then it is the city.  People with too little sleep, rushing to avoid the rush, still drunk with sleep--a weakness you almost can't remember--and you step  too hard on the brakes again , almost decorating the rear of a  Ford Glacier (Behemoth Godzilla Super-Size God Bless America Edition)  with your faster, smaller, and altogether more dangerous car.  The idiot behind you doesn't see your brakelights, and you wince, certain your car is going to be the too-thin slice of Japanese polymer in an American steel SUV sandwich.) 
 The blinking reflex exists to protect the eyes from injuries that can occur unpredictably during the timespans in which the rest of your body cannot react.) 
 Your headlights look different from here.  Your chest hurts.   Bleed in your own light, dream of your own life .  You find yourself alone.  Relax and fade away.  Close your eyes, it's only a  dream .) 
 Air floods your chest, your eyes snap open again, and blue red blue red blue flickers in your rear-view.  Was there an accident back there?  Were you in it?  Are you driving fast enough to make up the  time you've lost ?  How did you get all the way down to exit 17?  Why is the police officer's car not fading into the distance with the wreck?  No time to stop now.  Squint--don't blink, don't invite another dream--grin, and  floor it . 
 She was going to meet you, talk you down, maybe help shake the cops (not many friends will do that; fewer business associates).  She was going to answer her phone.  Nobody picks up.  You drive past the meet, and without looking down thumb the cell-phone's buttons again: a prayer wheel with ten positions, a ten-bead rosary.   Automatic Redial .   Thoughts arrive like butterflies: keep driving , and don't fall asleep.  It becomes simultaneously more difficult and more important to trust one's senses when sleep-deprived.) 
 Third left turn on red in a row, and the cops aren't anywhere to be seen.  Down past  Canal Street  there's not supposed to be a carnival.  Not supposed to be a wrecked  ice cream truck  with children in oversized business suits spilling out into the orange puddles of street light on the playground like clowns from a  Volkswagen .  Your hands know the way, steering the car through a maze of streets with names written in hieroglyphics  you don't understand .) Are your eyelids getting heavy?  Are they even open?  The full moon sinks lower--dawn is coming.  If you can keep your eyes open a little longer, you'll be fine.  Now that you've shaken the clowns... the cops, now that you've shaken the cops, you can go back to meet her.  Maybe she's still waiting for you.  You blink, and you hear your eyelashes click together like the safety on a rifle, like a shutter on a camera, like the second hand snapping into place against a bundle of  dynamite .   She always sleeps with her gun when you're gone .) 
 When you show up, the place is deserted.  The lights are on, but nobody's home.  Wrong address?  You check the paper in your pocket and reaize you can't read it.  A thought tickles the back of your mind, and you reach for the light switch.  You flick it up, down, up... the lights  don't go out .  On the wall across the room, red blue red blue red flashes through the window, and you realize two deep truths.  You are still asleep, and the cops are still after you.  Is either of these also a fact in an objective reality?  Does it matter?  The jerrycan of gasoline in the corner smiles at you as you hear thumping feet on the stairs.  The match sings when you strike it, and sprinting through the back yard to your idling car--which you parked out front but which is here now--you see your shadow stretch out before you in oranges and blacks.  You run from the fire  while the city sleeps .) 
 Every time you look at your watch now it reads a different time.)  The car turns off of  I-95  and you're on Philadelphia's  South Street .)  Two left turns later, you're in the  French Quarter  of New Orleans.)  Exit signs are as likely to be in German as English.  Where the hell is  Ausfahrt , anyway?)  Cops ignore you, chase you, beat you.  Buildings burn, cars crash into you with disturbing regularity... things fall apart, the center does not hold.)  The constant is: get home, pick her up by five.  She'll drive and you can get some sleep.  In realizing the dimension of the dreams you're in, strategic waking to escape trouble has become as useful as falling asleep into another layer of confusion.)   Nothing can stop you now .) 
 Makes no  ++ sense now.   Lights with.      ?      Sometimes piano backwards Alley with music on in and other  prepositions  besides;;  STOP  transmission not clear  STOP ;;                                            blinking reflex less than adequate.   If there are  no mistakes then what are typos?  Freud does not use his backspace key //  building  burning  guns going  off .  Freud never met her.  ..I think there's a car accident therefore there is..   Alarm alarm alarm alarm)))) 
 The  parenthesis  slams shut like a car door, shaking your frame like waking from a falling dream.  If you don't meet her, pick her up by six, the whole deal's off.  Your eyelids flutter at the music from the car stereo.  The car's running, but still parked.  There are worse times  to fall asleep at the wheel . 
 
 And for those of you who don't like sorting through pipelinks: 
 Rolling Stones -  Rocks Off 
 Lucy Kaplanski, Richard Shindell, and Dar Williams -  Shades of Gray 
 Soul Coughing -  16 Horses 
 Tori Amos -  Precious Things 
 Radiohead -  Killer Cars 
 Smashing Pumpkins -  Rocket 
 Thomas Newman - Plastic Bag Theme from  American Beauty 
 Poe -  Walk the Walk 
 "Mark Knopfler" - Automatic Redial
 Pearl Jam -  Even Flow 
 Tin Hat Trio -  O.N.E.O. 
 JHU   Mental Notes  -  Goodnight Moon 
 MC 900 foot Jesus -  While the City Sleeps 
 Nine Inch Nails -  Piggy 
 Kronos Quartet -  Full Tense , from  Requiem for a Dream 
 Barenaked Ladies -  Tonight is the Night I Fell Asleep at the Wheel 
 
 I always had to be up for  ROTC  at 0400 on Thursdays in college.  Some of this is music I listened to then, some is music I wish I'd had then.  All of it fits the panicked mood of driving groggily at 80+ miles per hour on barely-familiar roads, with your entire future on the line if you miss too many formations. 
                  ) 
 
 
 
 n.  -  acronym ,  Engineering   slang :  W ild  A ss  G uess. 
 A "wag" is a guess at an answer, the result of a numerical  hunch .  Because of its similarity to the verb "wag" (an indistinct shaking) it stands as a shorthand for a  hand-waving  answer.  The phrase is often rendered in verb form as "take a wag",  e.g.   We've got three different numbers, each equally invalid; we'll have to take a wag at it. 
 WAGs can be good or bad, depending on context.  If you know the true measurement is between 10 m  and 20m and so you throw 15m into the equation, then you've made a WAG.  If your equation doesn't require any more precision than that, then it's a good WAG.  However, if you need to know the mass to within a  millimeter , then don't take a WAG. 
 
 WAG can also be expanded as  WANG  ( W ild  A ss e N gineering  G uess, a WAG based on engineering judgment).   You can't make this stuff up . 
 
 
 
 Firmlinked 
 cole slaw  to  coleslaw 
 Daddy Long Legs  (the  Fred Astaire  flick) to  daddy longlegs  (the  arachnid ) -- any senior folks think this is gratuitous?
 
 Lessons Learned 
 Editors  can't remove e2nodes -- only writeups
 Editors can't  edit these E2 titles  (presumably because the title and the node_id are inextricable?)
 Being an editor feels a lot like becoming a  commissioned officer : you're really excited for about an hour, and then you realize how much work it's going to be.  And then you get  really  excited.
 Protons have mass.  i didn't even know they were  Catholic 
 
 
 
 n.  -  foodservice   slang : 
 A  monkey  dish is the small shallow dish in which a  side dish  such as  cole slaw  or  applesauce  is served.  The main purpose is to separate a  cold  or  watery  side dish from the  main course , or to provide extra holding space if the main plate is full. 
 The name is derived from the idea that it's just big enough for a  monkey  to dine from.  They are typically four-and-one-eighth inches in diameter and hold 3.5  ounces .  They are not quite big enough to eat  ice cream  from, but they serve as excellent  saucers  for ice cream bowls. 
 
 
 
 I created this recipe based on a co-worker's  "Red Rocket"  Chili, which won best  tasting  Chili at this year's office  Chili Cook-Off .  My variant is spicier, darker, and has a smoky taste and a late kick that has earned it "spiciest chili" two years running.  The recipe is as close as I'm going to get it to perfect, and can be tweaked (as any good  chili  recipe) to be milder, sweeter, or if you dare, hotter. 
 
 You will need: 
 
 8 pints  Guinness  (if you can get these at a pub, more power to you, but read ahead--you'll want to buy four and then go back the next day for four more) 
 1 can (28 oz.) crushed tomatoes
 1 lb. ground  beef 
 1 lb.  black beans 
 1 large  Vidalia  onion
 1 clove  garlic 
 (at least) 5  hot pepper s: choose from any mixture of  jalapeno ,  serrano , and  habanero  you like.  One is for  garnish .
 (at least) 1 type of  hot sauce , e.g.  Tabasco  or  Endorphin Rush 
 1/4 cup  olive oil 
 brown sugar 
 honey 
 powdered  cayenne 
 powdered  cumin 
 black pepper
 
 
 The night before you intend to cook the chili: 
 Rinse the beans and pour into a large pot.  Add four pints of Guinness, and cover the pot.  Set it aside.  In a small jar combine olive oil with: your two hottest peppers,  puréed ; 1/8 onion,  puréed ;, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped.  Add a dash of cayenne and cumin, and some of your hot sauce if you want.  Close the jar and shake well.  Refrigerate this mixture. 
 When you're ready to cook the chili: 
 At least 6 hours after you poured Guinness on your beans, drain (but do not rinse) the beans.  Add three pints of Guinness and bring the beans to a boil.  Simmer with the lid tilted (to allow steam to escape) for 1.5 hours.  With about 15 minutes to go before the beans are done, pour the oil mixture in a deep  cast iron   skillet  and apply very low heat.  Begin finely chopping all of your remaining vegetables except one hot pepper.  When the oil starts sizzling, add the ground beef and bring the mixture to medium heat, stirring in vegetables as the beef gets darker. 
 When the beef is completely browned and the vegetables are starting to brown or go limp, gradually stir in crushed tomatoes and beans, mixing over medium heat.  Add cumin until your chili smells like chili.  Add brown sugar and honey to taste (sweeter if you plan to serve it sooner, since it will initially have a bitter taste).  Heat until the mixture begins to dry out, and add a pint of Guiness.  Stir over low to heat, adding spices to taste.  Make sure that the mixture simmers long enough to thicken back into  chili  (let the majority of the Guinness evaporate). 
 Transfer to a  crock pot  and let simmer on low heat until ready to serve.  Garnish with a hot pepper. 
 This chili typically hits in two waves: the cayenne and black pepper break through the sweetness and smoky/bitter Guinness taste first, the hot peppers and hot sauce second.  For best effect, don't overdo the former, so that the flavor is sweet (or bitter), then tangy, then  hot .  The escalation effect can make this chili seem stronger than it is. 
 
 An alternative to the searing hot version above uses  Harp   lager , red  kidney beans , and a  pasilla  pepper and two  serrano  peppers instead of the full complement of four peppers above; the serranos are used in the hot oil mixture, and the  pasilla  is a milder (but still tasty) medium-hot pepper that gets chopped in during the beef browning stage. 
 
 
 
 This is not  A Drinking Song (in the grande style) .  It's not the  California Drinking Song  or  the Irish Drinking Song ; this isn't really even  a drinking song , let alone  the  drinking song .  Not surprising, really.  But, despite the title, this is also  not   another drinking song .  It appears on  The Mighty Mighty Bosstones '  1997  album  Let's Face It .  The Bosstones are not known for fluffy  ska  lyrics;  Dicky Barret 's voice wouldn't carry throwaway lyrics very well.  They tend to attack social and political problems in their songs, and occasionally personal problems.   Another Drinking Song  is a dark pun on itself, with a punchline you can dance to. 
 The first verse is quiet, all  bass guitar ,  horns , and light  cymbals , and only two chords, both  minor .  The first line is rhythmic, almost  iambic , but each line thereafter is a little different in rhythm--not only does the verse feel  off-balance , it's not the kind of meter you can sway your mug to.  The internal rhyme and repetition add to the  stutter -step feel of the verse, and just when you've got the feel of minor chords, the verse resolves on a major one. 
 The first chorus has guitar chords overlayed, and is more coherent, but still dark and minor, and sung with quiet plaintive backing vocals.  The meter is more  straightforward , but the  A-B-B-A  rhyme scheme is at cross purposes with rhymed  couplets  (the preferred rhyme scheme of drinking songs).  To further separate the song from its title, the chorus is not  upbeat  (yet), it's not in a  major key  (yet), and the only reason you can even call it a chorus is because later on, the same words show up in the same order.  Nobody will stomp and clap along with this section. 
 Whew!  Bloody grim, that bit about calling a disease a "remedy".  But now we're in the second verse, and at least the lyrics turn to singing, and pattern themselves on the first verse.  So all's well?  Not hardly.  The song becomes hideously  self-referential , as many drinking songs do--is he singing about this drinking song, or about  another drinking song ?  The tone and lyrics are defiant, but who sings  meaningless  drinking songs defiantly?  And in case you were wondering, just as in the first verse, there is a grand total of one major chord... the references to  slurred speech  ("if you can make the lyrics out at all"), comfort in repetition, and "belting out a ballad" should ring true with anyone who's been seriously drunk.  A pint of  bitter , indeed... 
 And then,  pow , the chords get major.  Is this the song he promised to sing?  Listen to the song from the 2:07 mark on, and you might not recognize it if all you'd heard were the rest.  He sounds almost gleeful as he celebrates his  drunkenness , and the syrupy horns wag major chords at us in the gaps between lines.  Perhaps this is  another drinking song  after all. 
 Countin' on a  remedy  I've counted on before! Goin' with  the cure  that never fails me! What you call  the disease , I call  a remedy , and what you're calling  the cause  I call  the cure . 
 The tempo doesn't change, but in  the bridge  the bass line and guitar blend together to play almost  straight eighths , giving this section a feel of increased speed, and a moving tension.  Where the rest of the song's suspense came from the feeling that it was  hanging over you , the bridge is falling towards you, and fast.  The lyrics at this point can no longer be ignored as  inner monologue , and whatever he has to say, you'll listen to, because the rhymes ("devotion to a potion", "dedication to a medication") and the tune here are just that catchy. 
 And then from there, the song immediately hits a bright  segue  into another up-tempo chorus, with the same bitter, hopeless lyrics sung in earnest happiness, in hope, and in a major harmony this time. 
 Is he on the road to recovery?  Can we take the triumphant tone of the last chorus with the same  grain of salt  that we took his defiance earlier?  I think he is, and I believe we can--the decision to write the last chorus in a  major key  is more to allow the song to resolve musically.  After all, if you can't sing the chorus loudly and boisterously at the end with the whole band playing  fortissimo , it wouldn't be much of a drinking song, now would it?  
 
 
 
 In military  drill and ceremonies --that's  marching  to you civilians--there are some commands which are useful, like " halt ".  There are others which are purely ornamental, like any command that results in a " ripple " rather than a sharp movement. 
 But then, in a whole 'nother category, there is the list of commands issued at the beginning of the parade for a  change of command  ceremony.  The ceremony itself is short: there's a  guidon , a  flag , a few  old guys , and a bunch of young guys with their heads shaved who don't really want to be there.  Standard military stuff, really--just stand at attention through most of the  BS  and pick up your paycheck in two weeks.  Just one catch: 
 there's always a parade.   And there's  always  some  Sousa  march playing when you're supposed to march.  And it's usually  The Washington Post March , because in every other Sousa march, the  bass drum  is always on the same beat--making it easy to march to--but in  The Washington Post March , it forces everyone to do a  change step  and makes the whole parade look like an epileptic centipede.  Why they picked  that  march, I'll never know. 
 But I digress .  If you're ever at one of these ceremonies for the  U.S. Air Force  and looking for something interesting--and I know that if you're there, you'll be bored to tears after you find your brother or cousin in the ranks--watch the flight all the way on your left.  More specifically, listen closely to what the first  squadron commander  says. 
 You see, the  squadron commander  is in charge of two or more flights (to you, the ones starting on the left; to them, the rightmost flights) which are labelled  Alpha ,  Bravo , and  so on  from the right (your left).  These flights are in  column formation , which means they're facing him (and you), three or four abreast to each flight.  The squadron commander is in charge of starting what will become a long line of flights doing laps around the parade ground to salute  the new boss , but he needs to start it in time with the music.  The  squadron commander  must now tell  only  the right-most flight that he's addressing them; he must prepare them to perform a  column right ; he must prepare the flights adjacent to  fall in  behind the first by doing their own  column right  maneuvers; and he must tell all four people in the front of the first flight  exactly  when to start--that is, on the correct foot, on the correct beat.  To make things just a little more difficult, every  drill and ceremonies  command has two parts: a  preparatory command  ("forWARD,") and the  command of execution  ("HARCH!").  So he or she has (technically) two commands to make this all happen. 
 This is what he actually calls out, with the first syllable of each line falling  off  the beat, or  on  the beat if it's  The Washington Post March .  Not one, not two, but  four  preparatory commands, and then the command of execution: 
 COL-umn of flights, 
FROM the right, 
RIGHT flight, 
COL-umn right, 
 HARCH! 
 
 
 
 one hundred (autobiographical) words or less for  ideath 
 Bethany beach, delaware  was being alone in the winter and having summer friends from filthy rich suburbs of washington which was cool.  Getting beaten up by local farmers' sons was not.   St. Andrew's  School was escape but prison but love but depression but hormones but  gorgeous suicidal poetry .  Bee plus.   Johns Hopkins University  was  Mental Notes  and  ROTC  and  the fantasticks  and senior design project involving mostly  stress  but also some  strain .  Bee Ay,  Mechanical .  Three point five almost.   Dayton, Ohio  is being in love with a blonde who is a brunette and  rocket science  and  military intelligence  and of course  everything, too . 
 
 
 
 Thomas Etholen Selfridge is not a household name in  America  (nor anywhere else, I expect), but his name is well-known to  aviation  history buffs.  He is famous almost exclusively for his death: he was the first person to die in the crash of a heavier-than-air aircraft.   Selfridge Air National Guard Base  in  Mount Clemens, Michigan  and the town of  Selfridge, North Dakota  are named in his honor, and monuments in his memory are at the  United States Military Academy  in  West Point, New York  as well as at  Arlington National Cemetary .  He is also in the  National Aviation Hall of Fame . 
 Selfridge belonged to a family with a checkered military history.  He was the nephew of  Rear Admiral   Thomas O. Selfridge Jr. , who was a Union Naval officer during the  Civil War ; three ships were sunk out from under him, one of which was the first ship ever sunk by an enemy  ironclad .  His grandfather (Thomas Sr.) was also an  admiral  in the  U.S. Navy .  Thomas E. Selfridge applied for the  U.S. Naval Academy , but was too old when he was accepted, and so attended  West Point .  There, he graduated 31st in a class of 96 cadets from the  West Point  class of  1903 , doubtless impressing his family.  He was a  second lieutenant  in the  artillery  when the  Wright Brothers  had their first success with heavier-than-air flight. 
 He was stationed at  the Presidio  in  Monterey, California  during the  1906  earthquake and fire, and was recognized for his bravery in that disaster. 
 In  1907  he was promoted to  first lieutenant  in the artillery, but his passion was for the developing technology of "aeroplanes". He contacted  Alexander Graham Bell  in  Washington, D.C. , and requested a transfer to the  Signal Corps  to work with Bell on flying experiments at  Baddeck, Cape Breton, Nova Scotia .  There he worked with  Glenn H. Curtiss  and several other aviation pioneers in his capacity as the official observer for the U.S. Government.  That year, he became the first person ever to fly in a " Bell Kite ", a  tetrahedral  manned kite named for Alexander G. Bell. 
 By  1908 , he was made secretary of Dr. Bell's Aerial Experiment Association, and supervised the construction of the " June Bug ", " Red Wing ", and the " White Wing ", two more early aircraft.  He also flew all three aircraft, becoming the first U.S. Army officer to fly an airplane in America.  It must be stressed that by 1908, Selfridge's was a well-known name in aviation, and by no means was he regarded a fool or a tourist when it came to flying. 
 In August of 1908, he performed acceptance testing of a  dirigible  for the Army.  Since he was there, he volunteered to be on the committee to do acceptance testing for the Wrights' aircraft in September of that year, as well. Before the government would purchase it, he needed to verify that it could be carried in a mule-drawn wagon, and could fly 40 miles per hour carrying two persons.  For the tests, one of those persons would have to be one of  the Wright Brothers , at the controls.  On the third acceptance test, Lt. Selfridge was permitted to be the passenger, because he was leaving town soon, and wanted to seize the opportunity that had presented itself.  To fly with the world-famous Wright Brothers was a great honor; he and the brothers were to have dinner with  Octave Chanute  and General Crozier, the Chief of  Ordnance , after the flight, also.  Selfridge was on top of the world. 
 Orville Wright  was at the controls on September 17th, and took the plane up to an altitude of about 100 feet as he flew long ovals over the crowd of 2,500 spectators at Fort Myer.  The plane was fitted with two extra-long wooden propellers to compensate for Selfridge's weight, the strong winds, and to ensure that the plane would achieve its test speed.  During the second turn of the fourth lap, the left propeller snapped, and the blade flew through several of the plane's control wires, severing them.  Accounts of the crash state that the plane descended choppily to about 75 feet, then  climbed sharply upwards  before diving towards the ground.  The nose began to lift shortly before impact, and the plane's remains tangled and injured both occupants.  Orville had a broken thigh and a concussion, and was lucid when pulled from the wreckage, immediately asking if he was in good enough condition to make his dinner appointment with Chanute and Gen. Crozier.  Selfridge was, by all accounts, killed instantly.  Reports of his injuries vary, stating that he had a  compound fracture  at the base of his skull or a fracture above his left eye.  Whichever is the truth, all accounts agree that his head trauma was severe and fatal; he was pronounced dead at 8:10 that evening.  Orville recovered, and travelled back to  Dayton, Ohio  to finish recuperating. 
 Selfridge is remembered as the first air-crash fatality, and all of his  obituaries  agree that he died doing what he loved.  By Orville's account, he faced the impending crash stoically. 
 "...as the airship passed over us, Lieut. Selfridge took off his cap and waved it at a number of the ladies and men in the party and said something to them which I did not hear. He was smiling and laughing. The group responded by applauding and cheering." --John B. McCarthy, spectator 
 
 http://www.arlingtoncemetery.com/thomaset.htm 
 Historical Note: under the old, pre- Honor Roll   E2  experience system, this node would finally take me to Level 6.  I have finally earned my  homenode  pic! 
 
 
 
 This song by  Tullycraft  is a three-chord celebration of all the three-chord bands that only the  indier than thou  have gotten into: the  indie , the  twee , the just-barely- punk , and all the bands that insist they defy labelling.  It also imagines a world in which the boy wins back the heart of the girl in the pop song by showing off his  encyclopedic  knowledge of the indie scene.  If you're sitting here thinking that I'm a complete loser for having never heard of some of these bands, then you, like it or not, are  indier than thou .  Or at least indier than me. 
 To celebrate my stumbling onto such a neat list of bands, I threw together this mix, with a few other  pop  songs to fill out the sound.  Twenty songs, most of them around  three minutes long , most using only  three chords .  If I've done my job, the mix is a lot like the song: a nice diversion, light and easy, with just a little bit of  angst  thrown in for the teens in the audience. 
 
 True, he likes the  Breeders , thinks  Green Day 's pretty swell, 
but what about  the Bartlebees  and  Neutral Milk Hotel ? 
It's okay for a  Sunny Day  but that  Sting  album won't do 
so when I play you  Allen Clapp  you'll know baby I love you! 
 
1.  Tullycraft  - Pop Songs Your New Boyfriend's Too Stupid to Know About 
2. Breeders -  Cannonball 
3. Green Day -  Church On Sunday 
4. Bartlebees - ( television personalities ) -  My Imaginary Friend 
5. Neutral Milk Hotel -  Snow Song 
6. Sunny Day Real Estate -  Rain Song 
7. Sting - ( the Police ) - Every Little Thing She Does... 
8. Allen Clapp -  Why Sting 
 chorus:   REM  -  Pop Song '89 
 
 Pop songs your new boyfriend's too stupid to know about 
Pop songs your new boyfriend's too stupid to know about 
Pop songs your new boyfriend's too stupid to know about 
Pop songs your new boyfriend's too stupid to know about 
 
 Sure he buys you records, if you like them by  U2 . 
But if you want  the Pastels , baby, here's what you should do: 
Get on your bike and take a hike and meet me at our spot, 
Just you and me--and  Halo Benders  (Hey, that's pretty hot!)-- 
and we'll sing 
 
9.  U2  -  All Along the Watchtower  (live) 
10. The Pastels -  Yoga 
11. Halo Benders -  Don't Touch My Bikini 
 chorus:   Silverchair  -  Pop Song for Us Losers 
 
 
 Pop songs your new boyfriend's too stupid to know about 
Pop songs your new boyfriend's too stupid to know about 
Pop songs your new boyfriend's too stupid to know about 
Pop songs your new boyfriend's too stupid to know about 
break it down now! 
 Here's a way to spend our day with  Lois  and  the Crabs , 
we'll have some fun and visit  Cub  and maybe we'll hold hands. 
We can keep the  Lemonheads  and  Weezer  he gave you, 
'cause you and me got  Heavenly  and  Nothing Painted Blue , hey-hey! 
 

12. Lois -  RSVP 
13. The Crabs -  Debutante 
14. Cub -  Pillow Queen 
15. Lemonheads -  Mrs. Robinson   
16. Weezer -  Say It Ain't So 
17. Heavenly -  Starshy 
18. Nothing Painted Blue -  Let's Kiss 
 chorus:   Lucky Boys Confusion  -  Dumb Pop Song 
 
 Pop songs your new boyfriend's too stupid to know about 
Pop songs your new boyfriend's too stupid to know about  3-2-1 
Pop songs your new boyfriend's too stupid to know about hey-hey 
Pop songs your new boyfriend's too stupid to know about (one more time) 
 one more time!   Tullycraft  -  Twee 
 
Pop songs your new boyfriend's too stupid to know about hey-hey 
 Pop songs your new boyfriend's too stupid to know about 
 Pop songs your new boyfriend's too stupid to know about hey-hey 
 Pop songs your new boyfriend's too stupid to know about 
 
Note: where I was unable to find a song by the original band, or preferred a song by another closely-related band or  side project , the song title is preceded by the name of the artist  of record  in  parentheses .
 
 
 
 This is the opening track on the  2002  album " Brontosaurus " by  Da Vinci's Notebook , and the song they opened with when I saw them live last night.  It could loosely be considered to fit in the  filk  genre, but is performed  a cappella  with handclaps, and the tune is taken directly from the  traditional  song " The Fox ".  The feel of the tune is somewhere between  Irish  and  bluegrass , with  high open   fifth s in the harmony and a two-note rhythmic  bass  line.  The handclaps are on the off beats (second and fourth), making the song perfect for  square dancing  or a  reel . 
 Richard Bob Greene  of  The Bobs  produced the song and fills in the low  bass  line as a guest artist.  He is also credited with the " eef'n n oof'n " that comes in during the fifth verse, approximating a  bhodran .   Bernie Muller-Thym  is the only member of  Da Vinci's Notebook  not credited on this song. 
 lyrics: 
 Workin' on a laptop, close to the end 
of a job I've been doing since half past ten 
I don't believe that it's frozen again, 
 the system  has gone down-o, down-o, down-o; 
I don't believe that it's frozen again, 
 the system  has  gone down-O . 
 So I took it down to the  help desk  guy, 
and I said "make it better or I'm gonna cry." 
He said, "I'm sorry, your computer has died, 
and the  data  can no longer be found-o, found-o, found-o." 
He said, "I'm sorry your computer has died, 
the  data  can  no longer be found-O ." 
 To the roof with the laptop I did go 
over to the edge and I gave it a throw, 
and when it  arrived  seven stories below 
it really made a  mighty fine  sound-o, sound-o, sound-o, 
and when it arrived seven stories below, 
it really made a  mighty fine sound-O . 
 Well, that didn't do enough to  ease my pain 
so I went down to  Dulles  and I got on a  plane 
Sayin' "This is all Billy Gates's fault, 
and I'm gonna be  trackin' him down-o , down-o, down-o." 
Sayin' "This is all Billy Gates's fault, 
and I'm gonna be  trackin' him down-O ." 
 Touched down in  Seattle  and got off the plane 
Hit  Starbucks  to get out of the  rain 
Paid all of my  dough  for a thimble of  joe 
full o'  foam  and the cinnamon brown-o, brown-o, brown-o, 
Paid all of my  dough  for a thimble of  joe 
full o'  foam  and the cinnamon brown-O. 
 
 When  the Gates  found out about my plan 
he packed up his bag, turned tail and ran 
 Megalo-man  took it out  on the lam 
and hid way underground-o, ground-o, ground-o. 
Megalo-man took it out on the lam  
and hid way underground-O. 
 Well  the Gates  been a-runnin' ever since that day, 
he thinks he can hide but he can't get away. 
When I finally find his little  skinny  behind 
Gonna kick it all over  this town -o, town-o, town-o. 
When I finally find his little skinny behind 
Gonna kick it all over  this town . 
 
 
 
 A rusty, six-pointed  spur  sticks out of the  monochrome  grass, or perhaps  newspaper  shavings, on the cover of The Rodeo Eroded, the new (2002) album by  Tin Hat Trio .  The cowboy is upside-down in his grave because the artists of  Tin Hat Trio  have turned bluegrass on its ear and created an album that is deliciously  dissonant  in places, and still amazingly listenable.  This is not  country , this is not  western , and it's not quite  tango , but it is catchy acoustic instrumental work by classically- and jazz- trained musicians who stil know how to make " artsy " sound good.  It is not all  accessible  on the first listen, but  duct tape  your  CD player  shut and  listen --or better yet, go about your business with it in the background--and soon you'll feel a shiver run down your spine, like someone walking up and down your back wearing rusty spurs. 
 Because it is almost entirely  acoustic  and  instrumental , there isn't much to say about the vocals.  Oh, except that on the one track that does have them, they're sung by  Willie Nelson .  Yeah,  that  Willie Nelson.  He sings the fifth track, a wonderfully melancholy arrangement of " Willow Weep For Me " that is rapidly becoming my favorite track on the album. 
 Other guest musicians on the album include  Bryan Smith  on  tuba ,  Billy Martin  of  Medeski, Martin, and Wood  on percussion,  John Fishman  of  Phish  on percussion, and a host of studio musicians playing instruments like the  dobro ,  harp , and  clarinet . 
 The three members of the trio could probably play you any song you named on anything you handed them from  Home Depot .  As it is,  Rob Burger  gets away with credit for playing no less than seven instruments on the album, most of them piano variants like the  accordion  and  prepared piano , but also several flavors of  harmonica .   Carla Kihlstedt  plays bowed strings:  violin ,  viola , and sings in a ghostly soprano over two tracks.   Mark Orton  plays anything in the  guitar  family, including  dobro  and  banjo . 
 They play around with the musical themes you'd associate with the  Old West , putting  cowboy  chords into a  tango , and  jazz  chords against a straight  Oklahoma   waltz .  Sometimes you can hear them steal a few of  Danny Elfman 's favorite minor chord progressions and take off with them like  Edward Scissorhands  trying to dance with  Dolly Parton --I'm thinking, specifically, of " O.N.E.O. "  Then they slow it down, and weave long, melancholy phrases together.  Throughout the album the spooky, haunting dissonance of the chords and the unique instrumentation combine to make it a perfect late-autumn album. 
 They don't take the easy way out, and chords never resolve  quite  like you're expecting them to.  Every musical phrase is a bit of a surprise, like turning over a dead leaf on the ground and seeing vibrant green on the other side.  Or sometimes, it's like watching the wind ruffling the leaves on a perfectly healthy tree, and then realizing that the branches are made of dry, bleached bones.  It's an acoustic experience both rewarding and off-putting, and not to be missed. 
 
 Bill 
 Fear of the South 1 
 Holiday Joel 2 
 Happy Hour 1,3 
 Willow Weep For Me 4,5 
 Nickel Mountain 
 O.N.E.O. 
 The Last Cowboy 
 Maximo's Plunge 
 Rubies, Pearls, and Emeralds 
 Manmoth 
 Interlude 
 Under the Gun 3 
 Night of the Skeptic 
 Sweep 
 
 (1) Bryan Smith, Tuba - (2) Billy Martin, Percussion - (3) John Fishman, Percussion - (4) Willie Nelson, vocals - (5) add'l musicians 
 THe RoDeo eRoDeD  is © 2002  rope-a-dope  records, and was produced by  Tin Hat Trio  and  Hans Wendl .  
 
 
 
 (marked for consumption) 
 This Saturday,  November 16, 2002 , the E2 Dayton Noders' Auxiliary of the Infamous Columbus Posse is hosting the first noder gathering in the  Dayton  area.  This is not your typical gathering, however--it is a gathering to celebrate  CHEESE AND ALL THINGS CHEESY , celebrated on the second-cheesiest day of the year:  Cheese Day (Observed) .  Noders staying overnight will be taken to brunch at the  Gypsy Cafe  in  Yellow Springs .  If nothing else, this meal, which will cost you less than US$15, will be worth the whole trip. 
 Who are you? 
I'm Batman.
 Where is it? 
 It's at  my  place.  The address is 2570 Gleneagles Rd, Apartment E, Fairborn OH 45324.   phone: 937-429-3572  To get here, you will want to get on  Interstate 70  or  Interstate 75 , the two highways which cross in Dayton; I-75 drivers will want to get off at I-70 and head east.  Once you're on I-70, take I-675, the Dayton pseudo- beltway , south.  Take Exit 20 and turn right onto Dayton-Yellow Springs Rd.  As you come up on a  BP  station, turn right immediately before it.  If you miss this turn you can cut through the BP lot and make a left onto Gateway.  You're on Gateway Drive, so drive.  Gateway ends; turn right on Valle Green.  Valle Green ends in a church parking lot; praise the Lord, and turn left onto Dutch Mill.  Dutch Mill ends; turn left onto Countryside.  Countryside ends; turn right onto Autumn Creek.  Autumn Creek ends; turn left onto Quail Run.  Quail Run ends; leave this development full of T-intersections and turn right onto Beaver Valley Road.  Drive through the winding woods, and make your first left into Wexford-on-the-Green.  Bear right and drive up the long hill, passing up your opportunities to turn left onto more level ground.  Stay on Old Troon Dr. until it makes a T with Gleneagles Rd.  Turn left.  Look for an apartment with an un-carved pumpkin out front.  Park where you can. 
 So, um... cheese, huh? 
 Yup.  And not just  culture d dairy.   Kevin Bacon  movies, bad  pun s,  Green Bay Packers  hats,  Mouse Trap , showing up with actual bells on--the whole nine yards.  It is traditional for each guest of a  Cheese Day  party to show up with something  cheesy  for the hosts.  Keeping it a secret and then presenting it in a cheesy manner is optional and highly encouraged.  The hosts typically provide the cheesy movies and the cheesy main dishes:  quesadilla s and  cheese sandwich es:  toasted cheese ,  grilled cheese , and several other varieties including the infamous  Digger and Dave's Jungle Fever .  Cheesy snack foods, cheese and crackers,  easy cheese ... you can bring darned near anything. 
 If you plan to bring a cheesy movie, be forewarned: we do not have a  VCR , but our Geek Room seats eight or nine, and we have the ability to play DVDs.  Our television is small and does not have  VCR  hookups.  If you want to bring a cheesy VHS (or Beta--now  that  would be cheesy!) tape, you will need to bring mechanisms for viewing it.  Unless you want us to sit around and just watch the tape as it sits there on the table. 
 When does Cheese Day (Observed) start? 
 Quesologist scholars are torn on this question, but competing theories argue that moonrise, the arrival of the first guest, consumption of  prima queso  (the first cheese), consumption of first cheese by the first guest at moonrise... well, hell.  We're probably waking up around 9 on Saturday, unless we have guests over for Friday night, in which case we'll wake up a little earlier.  You're welcome to show up anytime Saturday. 
 How big is this party going to be? 
 Since we have  very very  limited space to keep people overnight (a, as in one, as in single, spare bed and several couches), I'm going to need  RSVP s from whoever is coming.   Variety is the spice of life , but showing up unannounced is not going to get you the bed.  So far, the list of attendees includes:
   birdlace  -  long-suffering co-host and cohort   Steve -  pseudo-noder  in absentia   zot-fot-piq * tandex * (and non-noder Kevin*)  ccunning   jmc **  chancel **  cbustapeck *  possibly more people as well. 
 What if I'm  lactose -intolerant? 
 Intolerance is a disease we must all help conquer.  Seriously, though: there will be  some  non-cheese foods there, and we will come up with something you can eat.  If you can't make it, that's fine.  We'll miss you dearly, and we'll see you...  NEXT YEAR IN WISCONSIN! 
 
* - sleeping space reserved at Ch ez  Jurph. If you don't have a *, you can ask.  We still have, by my very loose count, room to sque ez e in two or three more noders on the floor. 
** - car trouble SUCKS.

 
 
 
 
His questing finger moved slowly down the page, and stopped.  Good old  International Maritime Codes .  They'd been devised eighty years before, but the men in those days had really thought hard about the kind of perils that might possibly be encountered on the deep.  He picked up his pen and wrote down: " XXXV QVVX ."  Translated, it meant: "Have just found Lost Continent of  Atlantis .   High Priest  has just won  quoits  contest." Neil Gaiman ,  Terry Pratchett ;  Good Omens 
 
 The  International   Code  of  Signals  is descended from a long line of  naval  signals including  semaphore ,  heliograph s,  lighthouse s, and more.  The basic idea is that combinations of single flags can be used with a standardized  code book  to communicate with other vessels in close proximity.  If there are  N  distinct flags in the  flag bag , then you can send (N n  + N (n-1)  + ... + N 1  + N 0 ) distinct messages using message groups of  n  or fewer flags 1 .  The volume of available messages in even a small subset allows a carefully constructed  code book  to contain all but the most obscure messages. 
 An extended history 
 In  1738 ,  Mahé de la Bourdonnais  proposed to use ten colored flags to indicate the numbers from zero to nine. With three  sets  of such flags, all separately colored,  1,000  code  combinations  could be made.   Ignace Chappe  wrote in  1824  that he considered it a regrettable mistake that the system of de la Bourdonnais had never been adopted by the French Navy.  In  1763 ,  Sebastian Francisco de Bigot , the founder of the Marine Academy in  Brest , published a new code book " Tactique Navale ou Traite des Evolutions et des Signaux ". The book, for the first time ever, specified a true  protocol  for the use of coded flags.  De Bigot's book had three parts. The first, and largest, part listed 336 distinct flag signals for signaling predefined events or commands from ship to ship.  It introduced some important protocol rules, such as the definition of a " preparatory signal flag " for synchronization, the requirement that a receiver acknowledge all signals received by repeating them, and the use of "repeater vessels" to allow for broadcasting signals to an entire fleet. The second part of the book,  Table de Manieres , contained an alphabetical index of all signals listed in the first part. Each signal was given a number, allowing for a quick cross-referencing of related signals. The third part of the book gave standard maneuvering diagrams for ships. 
 In  1790 , Admiral Lord  Richard Howe  wrote the first such system in  English , assigning ten colored flags the designators  zero  through  nine , and six other flags for  control codes .  The  lexicon  had 260 signals, which was extended to 340 in  1799 .  In  1800 , Admiral Sir  Home Popham  wrote "Telegraphic Signals of Marine Vocabulary," which contained 3,000 signals.  Each signal used one of three control flags as a series indicator, followed by combinations of three of Howe's flags (three sets of 1,000 signals).  Words not in the code book could be spelled out with single-flag hoists (A-K, with I and J the same flag) and double-flag hoists (L-Z). 
 At the  Battle of Trafalgar ,  Admiral Nelson  sent several commands, followed by the famous message " England expects that every man will do his duty ."  All of the words except " duty " were able to be spelled with three-flag hoists.  After the battle, Popham's code became known as the Trafalgar Code, an indication that it was considered a success. In  1813  Popham issued new signal books, extending the range to 6,000 predefined sentences and phrases, and 60,000 words. 
 In the  19th century , flag vocabularies proliferated, as enlightened  merchantmen  and  sailors  from the upper classes devising their own (obviously superior!) systems.  Marryat and Watson both became dominant alongside the Trafalgar code.  Each system had its own unique flag to demonstrate which flag-language was being used.  This is akin to the header of a document specifying  ASCII ,  ANSI , or any of the  ISO-  alphabets.  The proliferation caused cabins to be jammed with obscure patented books that were rarely used, and slowed down communication.  In  1857 , the basic version of today's code (The Commercial Maritime Code) was in place: 18 flags with 70,000 messages.  In  1865 , the French and the British jointly revised the flag systems from the Commercial Maritime Code (based on Marryat) into one code with 78,542 possible signals, of which 50,000 were used.  Over the next century, most Western countries (and their colonies) adopted the code, which had almost reached its modern form in  1931 , when it had been translated into  English ,  French ,  German ,  Italian ,  Japanese ,  Spanish , and  Norwegian . 
 The latest revision of the code was adopted by the Fourth Assembly of the Intergovernmental Maritime Consultative Organization in  1965  and became effective on January 1, 1969. The revision added  Russian  and  Greek  to the languages, bringing the total to seven languages and solidifying the signal lexicon in its modern form. 
 How it works 
 There are 40 flags in today's modern  flag bag  in the colors red, white, black, yellow, and blue.  26 letters, 10 numbers, and 3 "repeaters", and the  answering  flag (to confirm that a grouping has been received).  A "repeater" is used with codes like ALA or words like CHEER, which would be spelled AL(R1) and CHE(R3)R, meaning: "A, L, repeat first letter" and "C, H, E, repeat third letter, R".  Repeaters mean "repeat first/second/third of this type in this group," so you can repeat letters or numbers, but not after a flag-type change.  That is, "A1A" could not be signaled with a 40-flag bag. 
 The 26  letters  each have a meaning on their own; here I describe each flag by its  phonetic alphabet  name, its design (left to right or top to bottom where unclear), and its meaning:
 Alpha - swallowtail flag, white and blue - Diver down (or) keep clear
 Bravo - red swallowtail flag -  Dangerous Cargo 
 Charlie - five horizontal stripes, blue-white-red-white-blue -  YES /Affirmative
 Delta - three horizontal stripes, yellow-blue-yellow - Keep Clear, I am having trouble maneuvering
 Echo - two horizontal bars, blue-red - Altering Course to  Starboard 
 Foxtrot - white with red  rhombus  -  Disabled 
 Golf - six alternating vertical stripes, yellow and blue - Need a Pilot
 Hotel - two vertical bars, white and red - Have a Pilot
 India - yellow with black circle - Altering Course to  Port 
 Juliet - three horizontal stripes, blue-white-blue - On Fire, Keep Clear (OR) I am sending a message by  semaphore 
 Kilo - two vertical bars, blue-yellow -  Desire to Communicate 
 Lima - four checkers, black and yellow - (Urgent)  STOP !
 Mike - Blue with white  St. Andrew's Cross  - I am stopped / My engines are off (OR) I have a doctor on board
 November - sixteen checkers, blue and white -  NO /Negative
 Oscar - divided diagonally upper-left to lower-right, red above yellow -  Man Overboard 
 Papa - blue with smaller centered white square - Prepare to leave /  All Aboard This flag is also known as the " Blue Peter " 
 Quebec - solid yellow -  Request Pratique 
 Romeo - red with yellow  swiss cross  - You may feel your way past me (I'm going the right way, take the lead).
 Sierra - small blue square on white (inverse of Blue Peter) - Engines going full speed  astern 
 Tango - three vertical bars, red-white-blue - do not pass ahead of me
 Uniform - four checkers, red and white - you are heading into danger
 Victor - White with red  St. Andrew's cross  - I require assistance (not urgent)
 Whiskey - concentric squared rings, red in white in blue - I require medical assistance 
 X-Ray - white with blue  swiss cross  - Stop your intentions and watch for my signal
 Yankee - yellow with five thin red diagonal stripes, upper left to lower right - I am dragging anchor (or) I am carrying mail
 Zulu - divided into four diagonal quadrants, yellow-blue-red-black - I require a  tug 
 
The  numbers  do not have their own meanings, and are narrow  pennant s tapered from the  hoist side  to the  fly side , squared off at the fly side.
0. three vertical bars, yellow-red-yellow 
1. white with red circle 
2. blue with white circle 
3. three vertical bars, red-white-blue 
4. red with white swiss cross 
5. two vertical bars, yellow-blue 
6. two horizontal stripes, black-white 
7. two horizontal stripes, yellow-red 
8. white with red swiss cross 
9. four quadrants, white-black-red-yellow 
 ACK . four vertical bars, red-white-red-white 
 Repeaters  are triangular (not squared off): 
R1. blue with small yellow congruent triangle at hoist-side 
R2. two vertical bars, blue-white 
R3. three horizontal stripes, white-black-white 
 The real power of the International Code of Signals comes from the two-, three-, four-, five-, six-, and seven-flag codes.  They are used as follows: two-flag groups are used for distress and maneuvering signals.  Three-flag groups are points of the compass, relative bearings,  standard times , verbs,  punctuation , also general code and decode signals. Four-flags are used for geographical signals, names of ships, bearings, etc. Five-flag signals are those relating to time and position. Six-flag signals are used when necessary to indicate  cardinal directions  in  latitude  and  longitude  signals. Seven-flags are for longitude signals containing more than one hundred degrees. 
 Some two-letter signals provided by  boatsafe.com  included  BZ  (Job well done) and  YU  ("I am going to communicate with your station by means of the International Code of Signals")... an abbreviated  lexicon  is appended here.  These codes may also be sent in  Morse Code  or  Semaphore . 
 AC  - I am  abandoning my vessel  (and taking the time to hoist flags about it?). 
AN - I need a doctor.  
BR - I require a helicopter. 
CD - I require immediate assistance.  
DV - I am drifting.  
EF -  SOS / MAYDAY  has been canceled (I now have time to hoist flags?).  
FA - Will you give me my position?  
GW - Man overboard. Please take action to pick him up (Flag signalman is okay).  
JL - You are running the risk of going aground.  
 LO  - I am not in my correct position (used by a light vessel).  
NC - I am in distress and require immediate assistance.  
PD - Your  navigation lights  are not visible (But hopefully you can see my flags).  
PP -  Keep well clear of me .  
QD - I am going ahead.  
QT - I am going astern.  
QQ - I require health clearance.  
QU - Anchoring is prohibited.  
QX - I request permission to anchor.  
RU - Keep clear of me; I am maneuvering with difficulty.  
SO - You should stop your vessel instantly.  
 UM  - The harbor is closed to traffic.  
 UP  - Permission to enter harbor is urgently requested. I have an emergency.  
YZ - I'm going to spell a word with my next set of flags. 
ZD1 - Please report me to the Coast Guard, New York  
ZD2 - Please report me to Lloyds, London.  
ZL -  Your signal has been received but not understood  (to which a wiseass would reply, " ZL ").  
 
 
 References: 
 The Early History of Data Networks  - Gerard J.Holzmann, Björn Pehrson,  http://vvv.it.kth.se/docs/early_net/ch-2-1.2.html 
 Signal Flags  - cached on  Google  -  http://pc-78120.udac.se:8001/WWW/Nautica/Signalling/Signal_Letters.html 
 Nautical Know-How  -  http://www.boatsafe.com/nauticalknowhow/flags.htm 
 
 Footnote on  combinatorics : 
 With  N  flags in your  flag bag  and room on your  hoist rope  for  n  flags to sit side-by-side, and assuming that with the repeater flags you are capable of producing any combination of repetitions, then there are available to you a finite number of messages.  Given that we have 36 flags not counting repeaters, N = 36.  Given that messages can be up to 7 characters in length, n = 7. 
 For a 1-character message, we have N 1  possible messages, and for the longest possible message, we have N n  possible messages.  For all of the possible messages, then, we need to add the totals for each length:  
 (N n  + N (n-1)  + ... + N 1  + N 0 ) 
 In our case, that gives us the ability to send 80,603,190,213 messages (but the  vast  majority of them are unused, because 6- and 7-character signs are used mostly with numbers to send lat/long pairs).  I add the zero in the above formula both to prove the  trivial case  and to make a point about  information theory .  It is not always the case, but in this code system, the  null  message has meaning: "Flagger asleep," "Flag bag not functioning," "We don't want to talk to you," or "Flags left in last  port  by  drunken sailor ." 
  Thanks to  khym chanur  for pointing out my math error! 
 
 
 
 naval   slang : Job  well done . 
 " Bravo   Zulu " is from the  phonetic alphabet  employed by the United States military, meaning "BZ".  It can be transmitted by  voice ,  semaphore , or  Morse Code  (" dah-dit-dit-dit, dah-dah-dit-dit "), but was originally intended to be signaled with  signal flag s as part of the  International Code of Signals . 
 There's nothing special about the letters "BZ" except that in the  Allied Signals Book , on the second page of two-letter signals (page Bravo), the last entry (entry Zulu) has the words "job well done" next to it.  A  captain  in the  flagship  wishing to signal this message to other commanders in his group would hoist the " B " flag and the " Z " flag: a red  pennant  (square with a triangular bite missing from the  fly side ), and a square flag divided into quarters diagonally, colored black-yellow-blue-red (clockwise from  hoist side ). 
 While it is still used in the  navies  of U.S. allies, today's  joint  operations environment has caused a significant amount of  leakage  across service boundaries.  Higher ranking  officer s who find the need to  dole out  praise frequently may adopt this  shorthand  in their spoken slang, even if they were never in the Navy.  The term proliferates despite the fact that it is longer than the phrases "good job" or "job well done", probably because there's a certain amount of boyish attachment to using obscure "secret codes" in the military.   To my knowledge , the choice of the word " Bravo " in the signal is unrelated to the  Italian  word used to praise a performance in an  opera  or music hall. 
 
 
 
 It's cold in November. Really cold .  Ah,  hell : it's fucking freezing.  Summer was amazing, and fall was beautiful, but since  Halloween  we've had to look at the tapestries differently--among other things.  They're beautiful, they'd sell for a lot of money, but they're also warm.   Bart  drove through the other day on his way  out west  and dropped off some sweatshirts, a few bags of  pretzel s, candles and matches, spare wicks, some  beef jerky ... his generosity is something else, really.  Unbelievable.   Skiznip  got drunk and peed the words "HOT DAMN! WE LOV BORT!" into the snowdrift by the west gate.  If we've got the noder-hours to spare, we're sending an  ambassador  or maybe a  convoy  out to  HOT DAMN 10 .  That's if the tapestries are still in a condition to be sold.  Maybe we could sell stuff to the  OSU  kids in  Columbus ... but again: if we've got it. 
 
 Once Bart was gone, we huddled around the fire again.  The  maple  grove is still pretty big.  We'll have enough fire this winter, as long as we don't over-harvest. 
 
 We were supposed to have power and water hooked up by October, but  Igloowhite  thinks the  county  is  malingering --he snuck into a town council meeting dressed like a local and asked what they planned to do.  They said we were none of their concern.  Redneck fuckers... after the festival this summer, they just turn their back, like we're  gypsy   hippies  or something. 
 
 We're lucky we've got drugs.  Not pot.  Well, yeah, the pot's nice.  But the  flu  medicine means that most of us can keep working through the bug that's going around.  We've needed more water to keep everyone  hydrated  with the  vomiting , and there was some tension when we thought it was  food poisoning -- ideath  stuck up for the newbies who were learning to cook, and soon enough the bug spread, and she was vindicated.  We all circled around the fire at the  meeting  and apologized to her, and someone said she should get the last  beer .  We drank a toast to her with  water .  Someone's going to need to make a town run as soon as we make a few more sales.   Solstice  was cold, but the celebration kept us warm.   Newlywed s talk about living on nothing but love.  We're close to that now.  I'd rather have a little more  chicken .   Christmas  is tomorrow, but we're partied out... and tired.   Dann  is having a sunrise service for anyone who wants to mark the holiday.  Some of the younger noders' parents might send presents--then I'll mark the holiday. 
 
 jessicapierce  sent brownies and cookies and a really good novel.   Random House  is publishing it in  March .  We're taking turns reading aloud from it over meals. 
 
 January 's here, and still no power from the county.  We sold some  hardware  and bought a  diesel   generator , set it up in the blue house we hold meetings in, ran  dryer hose  from the exhaust right out through the wall.   Space heater s!  One of the  stoner s who's good with pipes figured out a way to use the heat in the exhaust to warm up a tank of water before we expel it to the atmosphere;  jethro bodine  did some napkin-math and agreed that it would work, so the two of them built it.  We check the nodes on the computer after dinner--free  AOL  disks are still keeping us connected!--and whoever's earned the most  XP  each day gets to decide who gets the first hot-water foot soak.  At least one of us posts a  daylog  every day. 
 
 In addition to " Butterfinger McFlurry ," we're now all forbidden from saying the words " Donner Party ".  The jokes were tasteless, anyway.  An  Everythingian  from  BAP 2.0  just got her law degree from  Harvard .  A quick  pro bono  letter to the  county , and we had power and lighting.  A reporter asked the county commissioner some pesky questions, a story about us went up on  Drudge , and  e-mail s crashed the county server.  We sent noders to fix it as a gesture of good faith, and they've grudgingly agreed to tap us into sewer within two years if we can afford our half. 
 
 I've stopped writing  daylogs ; if you miss my diaries, I'm sorry, but I've got more important things to do here.  When  Everything  became a town, it was only a matter of time before it stopped being a  website  to us.   Nate --and the noders who go about their normal lives, dropping in from time to time--gave us permission to sell printed copies of original fiction from  E2 .  Some kids from  Grinnell  and  Antioch College  came through during their  spring break .  One of them bought a whole box, said he'd tell everyone where he got them.  We're buying  beer  for the first time since  Solstice  with the money--and paying the  power bill . 
 
 We've got reservations for  spring break  and eleven of the twelve weeks of summer--twenty people each week, and each of them pays a flat fee.  Some pay the bill by working all week.  College kids, hippies, an  anthropologist .  Two  doctor s who are going to  Iraq  to teach medical school want to practice by teaching us.   Jaez  is going to help them work on their  Farsi .  Five people are signed up to live here all summer.  Well, except for the week we  road trip  to Bart's.  We've got the money for everyone to go.  Ten of us are remaining behind to keep an eye on the place.  We're drawing lots to see who gets to stay. 
 
 The preceding is a work of original fiction; that means  you  can sell it.  Make this the  epigraph , make it an  epilogue , make it  toilet paper --but if I can do anything for you, let me know. 
 
 
 
 military   slang  -  verb : 
 To evaluate and  sort , based on merit; to compare against all entries.  Derived from the idea that the paperwork representing the best candidate will end up on top of the pile (the "stack").  Typically implies  sorting the wheat from the chaff , and the  sheep from the goats .  The best example is any  objective  process for deciding who does and does not qualify for a finite number of resources: "There are only 5 slots for  pilot  training.  There are 10 more for  navigator .  There are 12 for  intel .  When your  package  is  racked and stacked  against the rest, you want to be at the top of the pile, or else you'll end up guarding missiles outside the gates to a  silo  at  Minot  for the next three years while an  ICBM  operator gets to sit inside the warmth and work on his  Master's ." 
 Likewise, the phrase can stand as a  noun  for the process of racking and stacking, like a synonym for "the shuffle":  "My records got lost in the  rack and stack --now I'll never make  colonel ."   If you didn't notice by now, "rack and stack" is  conjugated  as two verbs separately: "racked and stacked," "racking and stacking," and so forth (not "rack and stacked" or "rack and stacking").  Each verb can take an object, or the phrase can: "rack 'em and stack 'em" and "rack and stack 'em" are equally valid. 
 Civilian s may be reminded of applying for a job or for  college , when there is only one opening, or there are only ten  scholarships .  It's not that you need a  GPA  above 3.9 to qualify--you just need one of the ten best  GPA s.  Or, as a  colonel  once explained it to me: "When you and your buddies are running from a bear, you don't have to outrun the bear ...  you just have to outrun one of your buddies." 
 
 
 
 It's a  ska  song.  Just one verse, sung twice--once before the instrumental break, once after.  The  Scofflaws  make it great, though:  trumpets  or  trombones  blare the distinctive  woop! woop! woop!  of the  Enterprise 's siren.  A low horn plays the uncanny rumble of the engine room.  Orders are shouted to  Scotty .  The up-tempo portion sounds like a  quintessential  ska tune or maybe a  game show  theme song from the seventies.  The slow part during the verses is more like a  reggae  tune--not the kind of tune you'd ordinarily pair with  Star Trek  lyrics.  But until they release a dance  remix  of the theme to  Reading Rainbow  about  Geordi LaForge , well... this is all you've got.  This, and a sad collection of  VHS  tapes full of priceline.com commercials. 
 He's got a  fine tan shirt  with an  emblem  on the chest. 
The  interstellar girls  all  like him the best . 
Captain of the  crew , and he knows  kung fu , 
and he  did   Joan Collins  in  1932 ! 
Really  just an actor , and a  genius to boot , 
and  he never gets to fire when the enemy shoots . 
So he ends  each show  looking  neat and clean 
after staring down the  mouth  of a  doomsday machine ! 
I really like the  one  where he reads  the Constitution 
after ending  all the fighting  in the  future revolution : 
 
 chorus: WILLIAM ... SHAT - NER ! WILLIAM... SHAT-NER ! WILLIAM SHATNER! 
 voice offstage:  " Scotty --we need--more--POWER." 
 other voice:  "I am...  KIRON !" 
 Verse and chorus repeat, then  vamp  and repeat out. 
 
 Published by Brian O'Sullivan ( BMI ), available on many  ska  collections, including the  Scofflaws ' albums  Ska in Hi-Fi , and  Scofflaws LIVE! Vol. 1 .  It is the eleventh song on both albums.   Permission to use lyrics applied for, not yet received; lyrics comprise less than 250 words. 
 
 
 
 Yale 's coed  a capella  group  Mixed Company  has taken this 1985  Todd Rundgren  tune (from his album " A Cappella ") and turned it into a  perennial  favorite on the Yale campus and everywhere they tour.  The bluesy feel is not that far of a stretch from classical  doo wop  (it's got a little more swing if done properly), and as a result is easy for  freshmen  to learn, but complex enough to still be fun for the seniors.  This jives well--no pun intended--with the theme of the song.  It's a call to the  Hodja , the wise teacher: teach me to sing, teach me to dance.  Teach me to let go of the basics and transcend the tune;  show me how to  spin . 
 Todd Rundgren's version, on the other hand, sounds like a bizarre  Queen  ripoff.  Which is not to say the groove isn't still there.  It's just that the vocals--obviously  studio doctored --are  all  Todd.  It's Todd singing the high parts, Todd on the low notes, Todd singing with Todd in the middle and doing a  great  job on those tough chord changes.  It's  wall to wall  Todd, and that's a little much for me.  Groovy, yes, but the  Mr. Roboto -slash- Bohemian Rhapsody  feel doesn't compare to a chorus of college kids singing their hearts out, begging for someone to teach them how to feel the  groove . 
 The song appears on one Todd Rundgren album, and almost every  Mixed Company  album.  You can tell which one I prefer, but don't let that color your opinion--listen to them both.  The Mixed Company version is done as a call and response; a soloist takes the plain lines and a chorus responds
  (in italics here)  
.  On the Todd Rundgren version, well... it's all Todd. 
 
 
<!--Hodja, please <a href="/title/how+to+drive+stick+shift" title="how to drive stick shift" class='populated' >show me how to spin</a> now, <a href="/title/Nasreddin+Hodja" title="Nasreddin Hodja" class='populated' >Hodja</a>!<BR>
<em><!--Please, show me how you do it.</em><BR>
<!--All the other boys are <a href="/title/They%2527re+all+gonna+laugh+at+you%2521" title="They're all gonna laugh at you!" class='populated' >laughing at me</a> again now, Hodja!<BR>
<em><!--Please, show me how you do it!</em><BR>
<!--<a href="/title/Cassandra" title="Cassandra" class='populated' >Whenever I talk, they don't hear a thing</a>,<BR>
<!--And everyone laughs when <a href="/title/Mental+Notes" title="Mental Notes" class='populated' >I sing</a>:<BR>
<BR>
<strong><!--CHORUS<BR>
<!--(all together)</strong><BR>
<!--Hodja, please show me <a href="/title/how+to+juggle" title="how to juggle" class='populated' >how to spin</a>;<BR>
<!--I want to do <a href="/title/dervish" title="dervish" class='populated' >that dance</a> 'til I forget where I am.<BR>
<!--So get up out of your bed one more time,<BR>
<!--<a href="/title/HOJO" title="HOJO" class='populated' >Hodja</a>--make me spin!<BR>
<BR>
<!--Yeah, teach me to spin like I seen you do, Hodja.<BR>
<!--Why don't you make me the <a href="/title/envy" title="envy" class='populated' >envy</a><BR>
<!--of the <a href="/title/popularity+contest" title="popularity contest" class='populated' >kids in school</a>, Hodja?<BR>
<!--I know <a href="/title/supermodel" title="supermodel" class='populated' >what to wear</a>, I know <a href="/title/perfect+pitch" title="perfect pitch" class='populated' >how to sound</a>, and<BR>
<!--I know about <a href="/title/humility" title="humility" class='populated' >kissing the ground</a>--<BR>
<BR>
<strong><!--CHORUS</strong><BR>
<BR>
<!--From every alley in <a href="/title/Konya" title="Konya" class='populated' >Konya</a>,<BR>
<!--<a href="/title/Mevlana" title="Mevlana" class='populated' >Mevlana</a> sings "Turn around, <a href="/title/about+face" title="about face" class='populated' >turn around</a>--<BR>
<!--You've got to <a href="/title/Igor+Sikorskiy" title="Igor Sikorskiy" class='populated' >spin 'til your feet leave the
ground</a>!"<BR>
<em><!--key change!</em><BR>
<!--Hodja, someday soon you will be moving on!<BR>
<em><!--Hodja, please, won't ya show me how you do it?</em><BR>
<!--So won't you let me be the one
you lay <a href="/title/parliament+funkadelic" title="parliament funkadelic" class='populated' >the secret</a> on?<BR>
<em><!--Hodja won't you let me in on how you do it?</em><BR>
<!--And it's a <a href="/title/even+number" title="even number" class='populated' >2-4-6-8</a>, <a href="/title/take+it+from+the+top" title="take it from the top" class='populated' >take it from the top</a>,<BR>
<!--You've got to <a href="/title/start+me+up" title="start me up" class='populated' >start me up</a> and don't let me stop!<BR>
<BR>
<strong><!--CHORUS &amp; CHORUS &amp; OUT<BR>
<!--Key changes and improv <a href="/title/scat" title="scat" class='populated' >scat</a> <a href="/title/ad+lib" title="ad lib" class='populated' >ad lib</a>.</strong><BR>
<br><br><br>
 
 
 About four miles down the coast of the  Pacific Ocean  from  Crescent City, California , in the  Redwood   forest , there is a creek called  Nickel Creek  which runs from the hills about a mile down to Endart's Beach.   Chris Thile ,  Sara Watkins , and  Sean Watkins  grew up at the other end of the state, but the fact remains: it is the only place called " Nickel Creek " in  California , their home state.  There is also a  Nickel Creek  in  Nevada , and due to  California 's absurd geometry, the one in Nevada is closer to their childhood home.   There are also  Nickel Creek s in  Alaska ,  Texas ,  Kansas ,  Minnesota ,  Oklahoma ,  Oregon ,  Washington ,  Wyoming , and two in  Idaho .  Any of these could be the one from which the new  bluegrass -influenced band takes their name--their website is mute on this point. 
 They were each  bluegrass  musicians in their own right before age sixteen (Sara as young as ten).  Chris and Sean were studying mandolin under the wing of  John Moore  the mandolin player for  Bluegrass Etc.   Sara, Sean's younger sister, was learning  fiddle  at the same time from band member  Dennis Caplinger .  When they had become good enough to play together, Chris' father  Scott Thile  played bass for them, and they had a band.  The idea had originally been that it would be "cute" to have a kid's bluegrass band.  Turns out, though, that touring and playing  bluegrass  for ten years--some would argue  the ten most awkward years  of a person's life--makes you good at it.  When other teens were writing bad, angsty poetry,  Nickel Creek  were writing bad angsty poetry and setting it to skillful and enjoyable bluegrass music.  The same year  Sara  turned  eighteen , they released their  debut   eponymous  album.  That means it was named for the band, which was probably named for the creek. 
 Alison Krauss , famous for her own bluegrass-tinted country (or is that country-tinted bluegrass?) career, produced the album.  Scott Thile played bass for some songs on the album, but the writing is mostly Sean's, and the playing is  Nickel Creek 's.  Traditional bluegrass songs are there, but you'll see a few titles that you don't know, and a few you know from other places:  The House of Tom Bombadil  for example--an instrumental probably taken from Tolkien. 
 The band is not traditional bluegrass, and they go to great pains to share this fact.  They're promoted as bluegrass musicians that listen to other music:  Elliot Smith ,  Radiohead ,  Bela Fleck ,  Turtle Island String Quartet ,  Edgar Meyer ,  Pat Metheny ,  Murray Perahia  and  Bach .  Fortunately, they  do  actually listen.  Like the royal families of Europe, today's popular  country music  is grotesquely  inbred : today's country musicians grew up listening to the same six or seven country musicians as their parents did.  A "fresh" infusion of American  Top 40  has only served to  thin the blood , leading to poppy, crappy country that's too pale to even sit in  Bill Monroe 's shadow.  A little  Radiohead  and some  Bach  might be just what country--or is it bluegrass?--needs. 
 Nickel Creek  fits the bill.  The album is a solid debut.  Their second album,  This Side , is even better, and even more diverse.  Each of the players has released a solo album, and all of them have collaborated with  Glen Phillips  (of  Toad the Wet Sprocket ) on  Mutual Admiration Society .  Similar sounds include some  Guster , some of  The Samples , and a little  Vertical Horizon .  If you like any of them, you'll like Nickel Creek. 
 
 Ode to a Butterfly The Lighthouse's Tale Out of the Woods House of Tom Bombadil Reasons Why When You Come Back Down Sweet Afton Cuckoo's Nest The Hand Song Robin and Marian The Fox Pastures New 
Produced by  Alison Krauss 
 Nickel Creek  uses D'Addario strings. 
 Chris Thile  uses  Gibson  and  Dudenbostal  mandolins,  Flatiron   Bouzouki s, Rane electronics,  Trace Elliot  amplifiers, and  Butterfly Table Tennis Equipment . 
 Sean Watkins  uses  Bourgeois  guitars, L.R. Baggs electronics, and  Manta   bodyboard s. 
 Sara Watkins  uses L.R. Baggs electronics and  Band-Aid  brand bandages. 
 
 Sources: 
http://www.nickelcreek.com 
http://www.topozone.com 
http://www.mapquest.com 
Liner notes,  Nickel Creek , ©2000 Sugar Hill Records 
 
 
 
 Green  auras are "most often seen in  domestic ,  family-oriented  people and  artistic individuals . Can indicate  happiness  and  contentment  and love of nature.  Deeper greens appear in people who are plotting against others, and light greens appear in people with big  ego s." 
 Gray  auras are "often seen in  negative  or  sick  people. Indicates a negative personality overall, a person who is very dangerous and  best to avoid  out of fear of violence." 
 from  swankivy 's " Aura Colors " writeup
 
 This is the  seventh track  on  Nickel Creek 's  2002  album,  This Side  (hint:  Alison Krauss  produced it--listen. Enjoy. Buy.)  The lyrics remind me of  Vertical Horizon , or maybe  Guster , and the music definitely has a little of  Guster  in it.  The verses are light, with Chris'  mandolin , Sean's  guitar , and Sara's  violin  picking around inside the melody.  The couplets all have the same structure--one  couplet  to built the chord, another to resolve the phrase.  Traditional, but don't even try to pin the label " traditional   bluegrass " on this song.  The chorus is a thunderstorm:   double bass  gets tossed into the mix.  The vocal harmony is tight, on unexpected notes in untraditional chord changes.  The double bass sprints down a  scale  twice in each chorus.  Go ahead, turn it up, listen: this part will run chills down your spine.  The instrumentation matches the mood of the lyrics-- sentimental  and  wistful  in the verses,  desperate  and terrified of loneliness in the chorus. 
 
 
In a roomful of people, hanging on one person's breath, 
we would all vote him " most likely to be loved to death ." 
Hope he still wants that, but it might remind him of when 
he aimed for the  bull's-eye  and hit it nine times out of ten. 
That one time his hand slipped and I saw the  dart  sail away, 
I don't know where it landed, but I'm guessing between green and gray. 
I thought nothing of that but it still haunts him like a ghost, 
with all eyes upon him except two that matter the most, 
he says: 
 
 "Green is 
 the color that everyone sees all around me . 
Gray is  
 the color I see around her --she's just a blur. 
 
The more  the crowd  cheers, 
the less I can hear; 
they don't really care  what I play . 
It might be for her 
but for now it's between 
 Green and Gray ." 
 
 
 
 { inter lude } 
 
 
 
 We paid , and  we cheered , now  we're gone , and to us that feels right, 
but for him every one of those evenings turns into a night 
with another  hotel room  where he lays awake to pretend 
that  he's doing fine  with his notebook and  Discman  for friends.  
He says: 
 
 
"Green is 
 the color that everyone sees all around me. 
Gray is  
 the color I see around her --she's just a  b  l  u  r . 
 
Night after night, 
while I hear  what I write 
fill the room while my  head starts to sway , 
It might be for her, 
but for now it's 
between  Green and Gray . 
 
" I want you to love me ," he whispers, unable to speak, ...and he 
wonders aloud why  feelings this strong  make the body so weak, 
then he woke, now he's  scared to death  somebody heard... 
 If it was you and you know her please don't say a word. 
 
 
 
 
or,
 "I shit on everything that's sexy." 
 This is my translation of  Hoven Droven 's warm, upbeat country song--actually a  Scandinavian folk music  tune--whose chorus is a cheery rebuke of the fickle love of a woman, and in fact, all things womanly.  Well, not  all  things.  If you've heard " She Thinks My Tractor's Sexy " then you're halfway there.  " My Love For You Is Like A Truck " comes a little closer.  It helps to know that a " Ski-Doo " is a  snowmobile . 
 The song features great country  steel guitar ,  fiddle , a drummer on a trap set, and what might be a  banjo , or possibly an  electric  banjo picking out eighth notes for rhythm.  The  harmony  is in the same form as  American   bluegrass --that " high lonesome sound " with a wailing fourth or fifth above the dominant note--with all-male vocals and ample unintelligible shouts and whoops, which I assume are the  Swedish  equivalent of " YEEEEE-HAW! ".  The beat is a little slower than most  bluegrass --more like  The Blues Brothers  singing " Stand By Your Man " or the theme from " Rawhide ".  Very 1970's  country and western , and terribly catchy. 
   Listening to them sing it in  Swedish  is funny (to my American ears), but my translation--probably quite weak, since I don't actually speak  Swedish --should put a grin on your face even if you only speak English.  Where I took liberties to fit the rhyme scheme, I've pipelinked a more accurate translation in the English.  Pipelinks in the  Swedish  are single-word translations.  The  double entendres  translate very well, and had me rolling by the last verse.  If you speak Swedish, I'd appreciate any commentary on my translation. 
 
Jag vet att många karlar finner 
det spännande med kvinnor 
o dom gör allt vad dom hinner 
i sin jakt på erotik. 
Själv har jag aldrig haft nån flamma 
o faktiskt gör det mig detsamma, 
för, frånsett nu min egen mamma 
är den ena den andra lik. 
Så, jag har aldrig haft nån flamma 
nej, det är inte min musik. 
 
 I know many men who find 
that women are  intriguing , 
and they're spending all their time 
in  sexy   ventures .  
Myself, I've never had a flame, 
To me, it's really all the same. 
I tell the  babes  to get away: 
they're all  just wenches . 
And since I've never had a flame, 
here's my song against it all: 
 
 CHORUS : 
 Jag skiter i det sexuella . 
Jag behöver ingen fjälla 
för att kunna tillfredsställa mitt  libido . 
För, om lusten packar på  
ja, då vet jag att jag kan få  
det jag vill ha och mer ändå  
ifrån min  Ski-Doo ! 
 I shit on everything that's sexy. 
I don't need no  silly woman 
just to satisfy my horny ol'  libido . 
For I desire nothing else, 
when I can satisfy myself, 
to the point of fulfilment with my  Ski-Doo ! 

Mina manliga hormoner 
visar inga reaktioner 
när parfym doftande "Honor" 
går förbi, emellertid 
känner jag hur mina lustar, 
ropar inom mig, o frustar, 
när jag känner små, små pustar 
av gas o koloxid 
Då känner jag hur mina lustar 
liksom rustar sig till strid. 
 My  extreme testosterone , 
doesn't react for anyone, 
when I'm smelling sweet perfume that's made "for Her". 
I'm  done  with all  that silly stuff , 
but I feel how my  rising lust 
is in me, kicking up that dust, 
I'm panting for the sweet smell of  exhaust ! 
Yes, I feel how my rising lust 
has  got my engine all revved up ! 
 
 CHORUS ! 
(and a  breakdown !) 
 
Ja, min  Ski-Doo  är  mig trogen , 
hon är vacker, hon är mogen, 
o hon tar mig ut i skogen 
o jag rider henne där. 
Bland stammar och buskage 
smeker jag hennes reglage 
o hon ger mig sin  massage 
o stillar mitt begär. 
Bland stammar och buskage 
är det mig hon håller kär. 
 Yes, my Ski-Doo's true and pure, 
she is pretty, she's mature, 
and when she takes me to the woods, 
I  ride  her there. 
Among the stumps and  scratchy shrubs , 
I fondle her  throttle knobs , 
and then she gives me a massage 
to ease my  mind . 
Among the stumps and scratchy shrubs, 
I hold her close and show my love! 
 
 CHORUS , 
and out.
 
 
 
 Conspiracy Theory  Time:  Today in  Turkey , (a pseudo- ally  of the  United States  and a  NATO  member) 15 kg  of weapons-grade  uranium  was recovered.  Not  depleted uranium --the real deal.  In a lead container under the seat of a  taxi .  Written on the container are the words "MADE IN .W. GERMANY".  Remember  West Germany ?  They were also a  NATO  member.  The other text on the container is blurry, but this is what we know about that container (and by inference, its contents): 
 
 It came from  West Germany , and was therefore made before  1989  and the fall of the  Berlin Wall .  However, the men arrested were suspected of smuggling it from " Eastern Europe "--meaning a  non -NATO country. 
 It was found in  Turkey   in transit  at least 13 years after its creation.  That's a long time for  uranium  to remain unused, but due to its long  half-life , it probably didn't deteriorate much. 
 It was found by  paramilitary  police after they received "a tip-off". 
 
 Turkey is against a war in  Iraq  because of the  Kurd s, but could be vulnerable to Western pressure due to their  NATO  membership and reputation for being a  smugglers ' paradise.  It's also the home of  Incirlik Air Base --a great strike point for a potential war with  Iraq .
 The  Voice of America  news story (not a terribly  objective  source)includes the following  blurb  to place the story in perspective for those of us who have had our  heads under rocks  for the last six months: 
 The seizure comes less than one week after  the British government  published a report claiming that  Turkey 's neighbor,  Iraq , has been trying to acquire  uranium  for a nuclear weapons program. 

 London  and  Washington  accuse Iraqi President  Saddam Hussein  of trying to develop nuclear weapons, and they have been working to build  international  support for a military operation to  oust  him. 
 So, it smells a little fishy to me.  Uranium smuggled out of a  Cold War -era reactor or  NATO  weapons depot (remember how paranoid we used to be, back then?), from one  U.S.   ally  to another.  Two poor Turks are picked up after an anonymous tip, accused of moving this stuff through  Eastern Europe  (of  course  it came from Eastern Europe--that's how you go  east  through  Europe !).  Not buying it yet?  Read this article, from almost a year ago, when the U.S. and the U.K. were trying to drum up support for bombing  Afghanistan : 
 Police in  Turkey  have detained  two men  who attempted to sell  enriched uranium  suitable for use in  nuclear weapons . 
A police official in Istanbul said the two men offered over a  kilogram  of uranium, wrapped in a newspaper, to undercover agents. 
   
The detentions came  just a day after the US President George Bush said Osama Bin Laden's al-Qaeda organisation was seeking to acquire nuclear, chemical and biological weapons "to destabilise entire nations and regions" . 

A Turkish police official said the arrested men - an  ambulance driver  and his friend -  were not aware of the  uranium 's  real value  and agreed to sell it for $750,000.

"They were barely aware of what they were selling. They only knew it was a very expensive substance and wanted to make money,"  he told the  Associated Press news agency. 

The men said they bought the substance from a Russian man several months ago. 

It is believed that the uranium comes from one of the former Soviet republics. 

The seizure in Istanbul took place as  undercover agents  arranged a final meeting with the two men, with whom they had been in contact for a month. 
 
 So: in two cases, just as it becomes politically convenient, a pair of incompetent  Turkish  smugglers are caught by sheer luck (or their own  ineptitude ) after they are caught with  weapons-grade uranium  (don't those three words sound great in a  headline  or a  press release ?).  In each case, the  American  public, and the rest of the world that watches  CNN , has been bombarded for a week or two with  vague  warnings that swarthy unscrupulous types  just might  try to smuggle this stuff into the hands of some very bad  brown  person we don't like. 
 Is it just me, or does this look like a  Hollywood  frame-up?  Sucker Turkish  patsies  with promises of a few million  American dollars  and then send those rubes up the  river .  You can't make an omelette without killing a few people... 
 
*  update  * (29 Sep 02) The  uranium  has been found to weigh only hundreds of grams.  Will  that  headline make the news tonight? 
*  update  * (1 Oct 02) Fifteen pounds of uranium actually discovered to be "harmless, containing  zinc ,  iron ,  zirconium  and  manganese ."  Total weight less than 5  ounces .  The discrepancy was due to the fact that the Turkish police weighed the lead container with the material and reported its total weight. 
 
 
 
 Spoilers Ahead! 
 I'm  deadly serious .  I intend to reveal the  past, present, and future  of each of the ten major books from  Neil Gaiman 's " The Sandman ".  If you have not read these books yet, and have always wanted to, but you  give in to your urges  to cheat just a little,  you'll be sorry !  I'm not going to give you a second chance: once you've stepped past that HR tag down there, the one that makes the long line under this paragraph, I won't be held responsible!  Don't come  beat me up  just because you had a moment of  silly whimsy  and decided to read the ending first. 
 No, I'm NOT KIDDING!  Click  h e r e  or forever hold me blameless. 
 
 
 Ancient History & Myths: 
 t  = 0 :   The Endless  come to be.   Destiny , because he sees all of recorded history, is first, followed by  Death , which must come to all things.   Dream  is the next one born, because before creation there must come imagination.   Destruction  is fourth, then the twins  Desire  and  Despair , and then the youngest,  Delight . 
 "Aeons ago":  A dream  vortex  causes all of the dreamers in a world to be swept into  the same dream.  The dream gains momentum and collapses in upon itself, causing irreparable harm to the Dreaming.  It is  Dream 's duty to prevent this from happening again. 
 Long ago:   Dream  makes the Gates of Horn and Ivory, as well as his helm, from the corpses of three  gods  who wish to usurp his power. 
 At least 80 millennia before modern history:   The first  Despair  dies or is killed, leaving no body.  When  the Endless  come to claim the  cerements , the decadent inhabitants of the first  Necropolis  have not done their job.  The Necropolis' charter is revoked, and  Litharge  is founded, with a similar charter. 
 Date unknown--probably ancient:   Delight  becomes  Delirium .  Several people have suggested that  Delight 's transformation is a result of the  death  of  Despair , but I can find no solid evidence of this fact. 
 At least 10 millenia before modern history:   Nada  rejects  Dream 's advances, for which he condemns her to  Hell .  The story of their brief courtship is told in  A Doll's House , in the story "Tales in the Sand." 
 c. 700  B.C. :   Orpheus  marries  Eurydice , but she dies at the wedding, chased by a lustful  Aristaeus  into a field where she is bitten by a serpent.   Orpheus  follows her into  Hades  and makes  the Furies  weep, but in the end fails to recover her. The  Bacchae --also called  Dionysians --tear  Orpheus   limb from limb  and his still-living head is thrown into the river  Hebrus .  Shortly thereafter,  Aristaeus  dies and is transformed into a  raven  who serves  Dream .  At some point,  Aristaeus  is changed into a man, but "it didn't last." 
 History (the kind you learned in school) 
 1273:   Marco Polo  becomes lost in the desert, and meets  Dream .  By the strange  time dilation  properties of the desert he becomes lost in, he is rescued by a freshly-escaped  Dream  (c. 1988), and returned to his own time and place. 
 1389:   Dream  meets Robert "Hob" Gadling for the first time while he and Death overhear him at a  pub  stating that he has decided that he is simply  not going to die .   Dream  and  Death  are amused by his assertion, and when Hob promises to meet him in the same pub 100 years hence,  Dream  agrees. 
 1489:   Dream  meets with Hob Gadling on schedule. 
 1589:   While meeting with Sir Robert Gadlen,  Dream  also grants a wish of  William Shakespeare 's, that he might write as well as  Kit Marlowe .  This grant is given as a  patronage , and the price is that Shakespeare write two plays for  Dream . 
 June 23, 1593:   William Shakespeare 's theatre company performs  A Midsummer Night's Dream  for  Dream  and the Faerie Court, including  Auberon ,  Titania , and  Robin Goodfellow  (the  Puck ).  At the end of the evening,  Puck  decides not to return to  Faerie . 
 1596:   Hamnet Shakespeare  dies, age 11. 
 April 23, 1616:   William Shakespeare  dies, age 52.  His last play is  the Tempest , commissioned by  Dream . 
 1665:  In the year of the  Black Plague ,  Despair  and  Destruction  discuss the nature of change. 
 1689:   Dream  meets with Hob Gadling on schedule, and renews the bargain, as usual. 
 c. 1700:   Dream , with  The Corinthian  in tow, meets with  Destruction  in  London , and discusses  the inevitability of total destruction  (and the human penchant for helping it along).  Shortly thereafter,  Destruction  calls a family meeting and announces that he is quitting his job.  Various known dates (such as the publication of  Isaac Newton 's " Opticks " and the first known dissection of an  orangutan  in England) fail to pin this down tighter than five or six years in either direction. 
 1741:  "Mad Hettie" born (by her own claims). 
 1760:  Lady Johanna Constantine is born. 
 1769:  First sighting of " Mad Hettie " on Compton Street. 
 1789:   Dream  and Hob Gadling are ambushed (unsuccessfully) by  Johanna Constantine . 
 June 28th, 1794:   Dream  proposes a business arrangement with  Johanna Constantine  at her manor in  Wych  Cross, England.  By July 30th of that year, she is liberating the severed (but conscious) head of  Orpheus  from post- Revolution   Paris .  September 9th of the  same year,  Orpheus ' head is enshrined at the Greek isle of  Naxos . 
 1802:   St. Hilarion 's School for Boys founded.
 1859:  Lady Johanna Constantine dies.  September of that year,  Joshua Norton , in the grip of  Despair , is "taken" by  Dream  as part of a challenge.  Mr. Norton proclaims himself  Emperor  of the United States. 
 September, 1864:  Joshua Norton meets with  Samuel Clemens , a.k.a. " Mark Twain ", and gives him the idea to write down " The Celebrated Jumping Frog of Calaveras County ." 
 September, 1875:  Joshua is tempted by  Desire , in  hir  effort to win the challenge; Emperor Norton declines, and then consults his Chinese subject,  Ah How , about whether his choice was legitimate.   Desire  vows to make  Dream  spill family blood. 
 10 January, 1880:  Emperor Joshua Norton I dies in a rain storm;  Dream  wins the challenge posed to him by  Desire ,  Despair , and  Delirium .  A  total solar eclipse  marks the day of his funeral. 
 1889:  At the  centennial  meeting, Hob Gadling dares to suggest that  Dream  is lonely, and  Dream  storms off.  Hob hollers after him that if  Dream  should return in 1989, it will be only because they are friends. 
 1899:  "Jim" born in  Sydney ,  Australia . 
 Our Dumb Century 
 1903:  Rose Kincaid's paternal grandfather born. 
 1913:  While travelling on the  Sea Witch  from  Bombay  to  Liverpool , Jim, Hob, and an Indian gentleman later revealed to be immortal see a  sea serpent .  On a port stop in  Aden , each confirms that none of them has told anyone ashore about what transpired, because each of them has a secret to keep. 
 September, 1914:  The secrets are revealed at  World's End . 1 
 May 31, 1916:  In the  Battle of Jutland  ( WWI ), Edmund Hathaway  dies  when his  destroyer  is sunk (one of eight destroyers lost that day). 
 June 6, 1916:  Convinced that  Roderick Burgess  can imprison  Death  with his help (and thereby bring back his lost son), Dr. John Hathaway (curator of  the British Museum ) gives Mr. Burgess the Magdalene Grimoire. 
 June 10, 1916:  In his attempt to summon and bind  Death , Burgess unwittingly captures  Dream .   With  Dream  imprisoned, the Dreaming falls into disarray.   Unity Kincaid falls into a deep sleep; Stefan Wasserman goes into a state of perpetual waking; other similar maladies strike worldwide. 
 June, 1920:  An overdue stocktaking at  the British Museum  reveals the loss of certain books.  Professor Hathaway comes under suspicion, and commits suicide.  A quick spell by  Roderick Burgess  destroys the incriminating suicide confession. 
 Spring, 1927:  The muse  Calliope , former lover of  Dream  and mother to  Orpheus , is captured on Mt.  Helicon  by Erasmus Fry according to the rules. 
 November, 1930:  Ruthven Sykes betrays Burgess and steals 200,000  pounds , and several of the magical order's treasures, including  Dream 's symbols of office: the helm, the pouch of dream-sand, and the  Materioptikon .  Burgess declares  magical war . 
 December, 1930:  Sykes sells the helm to  Choronzon  in return for an  amulet of protection . 
 1932:  Unity Kinkaid is raped by  Desire , and becomes pregnant with Miranda Walker.  Miranda is given away for adoption. 
 1936:  Ethel Cripps betrays Ruthven Sykes, stealing from him both the  amulet of protection  and the  Materioptikon .  Sykes explodes as all of Burgess' curses find their mark simultaneously. 
 1947:  Roderick Burgess dies.  His son, Alex Burgess, takes possession of Fawney Rig (the manor at  Wych Cross ) and its basement inhabitant,  the Lord of Dreams . 
 c. 1948:  Brute and Glob, realizing their master  Dream  is absent, abandon  the Dreaming  for points more corporeal. 
 February, 1956:  Prez Rickard born. 1 
 c. 1960:  Hippolyta Hall is born, daughter of the superheroine "The  Fury ", father unknown.  As an infant she was entrusted to a Virginian family, the Trevors. 
 November, 1974:  Prez Rickard elected  President of the United States of America .  Prez's story is told in  the Sandman  book " World's End ", by a Chinese man looking for a leader.  I believe this man to be  Ah How , and I believe  Boss Smiley  to be  Desire . 1 
 c. 1981:  Rose Walker's father dies, and her brother Jed is given to her grandfather for safekeeping.  Rose and Miranda are not informed of Jed's whereabouts, or the fact that his father has died. 
 Fall, 1985:  Rose Walker's paternal grandfather drowns.  Jed is given to Clarice and Barnaby, who receive $800 a month to take care of him.  They imprison him in their basement.  Brute and Glob take up residence in his mind with  Hippolyta  Hall and  Hector  Hall.  Hector lives out vivid dreams in which he, Brute, and Glob play a heroic team, led by him: "the Sandman." 
 May, 1986:  Richard Madoc buys  Calliope  from Erasmus Fry in exchange for a  trichinobezoar . 
 1987:  Hector Hall dies (but is kept alive in the mind of  Jed ); Lyta Hall is left single and pregnant. 
 May, 1987:  Madoc's first novel, " My Love She Gave Me Light ," nominated for the  Booker Prize . 
 June, 1987:  Movie deal for " ...and My Love " is in the works.  Calliope is still imprisoned. 
 October, 1987:   Neil Gaiman  begins work on  the Sandman .
 Early 1988:  Hector Hall marries Lyta.  The  anachronism  goes unnoticed until 1990. 
 September 14, 1988:   Dream  slips through the damaged  circle of containment  and steals  a handful of sand  from a guard's beach dreams.  Feigning collapse, he draws the guards in to open his glass cage.  He blows a fistful of sand into his captors' eyes... 
 Dream  escapes. 
He visits the dreams of Mort Notkin,  Marco Polo , and then visits Alex Burgess in person.  He curses him with eternal recursive nightmares. 
 A Modern History of Morpheus 
 Fall, 1988:  Ethel Dee (née Cripps) visits  Arkham Asylum  to visit her son,  John Dee , a.k.a.  Dr. Dee .  Dream contacts  the Kindly Ones  and asks his three-fold boon; they reveal to him the location of his three symbols of office.  He recovers his pouch of sand from  John Constantine .  In exchange for Constantine's help, he rids John of his persistent nightmares, and places his ex-girlfriend (who was addicted to the sand's  psychodysleptic  properties) into a peaceful coma, in which she dies. 
 Winter, 1988:   The Sandman  goes to  Hell  and challenges the demon  Choronzon  for his  helm .   Dream  wins.   Choronzon , a Duke of Hell, displeases  Lucifer  with his humiliating loss, and is given to  Agony  and  Ecstasy .   Lucifer  swears to destroy  Dream . 
 April 1, 1989 :  John Dee escapes from  Arkham Asylum  when he finds out his mother has died.  She leaves him the  protection charm , and he hijacks a car, chauffered to Mayhew where he intends to remove the  Materioptikon  from the  Justice League of America 's  cold storage .   Dream  seeks out  Scott Free  and the  Martian Manhunter  to locate the impounded  Materioptikon  for him.  Dream arrives first, but John Dee has tainted it.  It knocks out  Dream , and while  Dream is unconscious , Dee heads for an  All-night Diner  to wreak mischief.  Judy, Donna's girlfriend, is at the diner, and places a call to their mutual friend  Rose Walker  before Dee kills all the diner's inhabitants.  Dee, seeking to destroy  Dream , crushes the  Materioptikon  while they are all in  the Dreaming .  The pent-up power returns to Dream and enables him to expel Dee, powerless, from  the Dreaming .  He recreates a  Materioptikon  to replace the one he lost. 
 1989:   Dream  meets  Hob Gadling  again, in order not to keep a friend waiting. 
 Late fall, 1989:  The events of  A Doll's House  occur.  Specifically:  Rose Walker discovers that she is Unity Kinkaid's granddaughter.   Lucien  completes the census of The Dreaming, final tally 11,062.   Dream  frees 'Lyta and Hector from Jed's mind, and claims the child with whom she is pregnant as his own, explaining that the baby gestated  in Dreams .  Jed is captured by  the Corinthian , while  Rose Walker  and  Gilbert , in their search for him, end up at the same hotel with  the Corinthian  and a serial killers' convention.   Morpheus  shows up as one of the killers is about to capture Rose, and saves her while Gilbert is saving Jed.   Dream  uncreates  the Corinthian  and disappears.  Rose is discovered to be a  vortex  of Dream; as such, Dream must destroy her.  At the last moment, Unity Kinkaid comes to them in the Dreaming and trades her life for Rose's, explaining that  she  was to be the  vortex , but  Dream  was asleep, and so the mantle passed to her descendent.   Dream  kills her instead of Rose.  Simultaneously, Unity dies and Jed recovers from the coma he's been in. 
 March, 1990:   Dream  shows up to Richard Madoc's house.  He curses Madoc with the dubious gift of "stories in abundance" until Madoc frees  Calliope .  For all intents and purposes, Madoc is insane, until  Calliope  requests mercy.   Dream , uncharacteristically, grants the wish.   Calliope  asks if she may visit him again, and Dream states that it may not be a good idea; it is possible this implies he has a lover at this point, but there is no evidence in the text to give her a name. 
 Spring, 1990:  Rose Walker's journal reveals that  Barbie has divorced Ken  and "gone seriously weird,"  Gilbert  has disappeared, and the other housemates have gone about their lives.   Dream  meets with  Desire , and warns her that her attempt to make him spill family blood failed.  He warns  hir  not to tangle with him again, and leaves. 
 Late fall, 1990:  The events of  Season of Mists  occur:   The Endless  meet for the first time since  Destruction 's resignation, and  Desire  goads and shames  Dream  into going back to  Hell  to free  Nada .   Dream  makes preparations to leave; he meets with the assembled company of  the Dreaming  and prepares them for the eventuality that he may not return. Dream comes to visit Lyta's one-week old son and names him  Daniel .  His last stop is to meet with  Bobby Gadling , toast their friendship, and warn him that he might not come back.   Dream goes to Hell , and discovers that  Lucifer  is closing up shop.  Lucifer, in accordance with his previous promise, gives  Dream  the key to Hell, that it might destroy him.  Gods from all the  Pantheon s come to  the Dreaming  to petition  Dream  for the key, in exchange for gifts (or with threats of his  destruction ).   Dream  settles the matter according to his conscience, and also rescues  Nada , whom  Lucifer  had evicted from Hell, and who had been trapped within the demon  Azazel . 
 December 17, 1990:   " Old boys " who have returned to boarding school  from Hell  mortally wound Charles Rowland.  He dies six days later, on the 23rd. 
 c. late 1991:  The events of  A Game of You  occur.   Barbie 's dream universe, originally  amplified  and tied into  the Dreaming  when Rose was a vortex of Dream, begins to fall apart.  Martin Tenbones shot dead on the streets of New York with at least 11 bullets.   Thessaly , Alvin, Hazel, Donna (now known as Foxglove), and George all live in the apartment with Barbie.  As Barbie gets sucked into her dream world,  Thessaly  kills George (who has been interfering) and calls down the moon to transport them all into Barbie's universe to help her.  Their trip to  The Dreaming  to defeat The Cuckoo (and Thessaly's  lunar  magic) cause  Hurricane Lisa  to head for  New York . 2   The Cuckoo is revealed, Thessaly murders a wayward bird, and  Dream  shows up.  As  Hurricane Lisa  devastates the real world,  Dream  keeps his promise to un-create Barbie's dream world, made to  Alianora --his past lover--long long ago.  Thessaly  denies  that Dream caught her eyes.  (Almost)  all is mended . 
 1992:  The events of  Brief Lives  occur.   Delirium  decides she misses  her brother  and asks if anyone else in  the family  wants to go find him.   Thessaly  leaves  Dream  because she realizes her love is only a pale reflection of his; because he needs an excuse to visit the mortal plane, he agrees to go along with  Delirium .  Each of the other Endless refuse to accompany them.  Several otherwise-immortal humans die in suspiciously  entropic  deaths, leading  Dream  to believe something is trying to stop them from finding  Destruction .  Meanwhile,  Destruction  is trying to learn the  creative  arts.  Not surprisingly, his efforts meet with limited success.  Nearby, on the island where  Johanna Constantine  is buried, the Rhodokankis men look after the well-being of  Orpheus ' head.   Morpheus  is told by  Destiny  that he must visit  the Oracle  to find out where  Destruction  lives.   Delirium  briefly channels  Delight , her former self, and  Dream  realizes that he must see  Orpheus  again.  Having spoken to his estranged son, he goes to visit his older brother.  After dinner,  Destruction  retires (permanently) and Dream returns to Orpheus to keep his promise.   Dream  spills family blood. 
 1992:  The events of  The Kindly Ones  occur.   Dream  meets with  Hob Gadling , who opines that dream "stinks of"  Death , and that he ought to watch out.   Rose Walker  falls asleep while babysitting  Daniel Hall , infant son of  Lyta Hall , who is out on a job interview at  LUX , the now-earthbound  Lucifer 's successful lounge.  It is the first time she has left Daniel unattended in months.  When she returns, Daniel is gone, and Rose Walker--former vortex of Dream--is asleep.  Detectives  Pinkerton  and  Fellowes  try to console her.  When they return with evidence that Daniel is dead, Lyta cracks.  Remembering  Dream 's promise that the child would be his (since it had gestated in Dream), she vows revenge.  As  things fall apart , the entropy picks up momentum.   The Kindly Ones  are called in.   The Corinthian  is re-created, and dispatched with  the Raven   Matthew  to find Daniel (who is still alive).  As the Dreaming is slowly torn apart,  Nuala  considers using her  boon  to save Dream.  Her decision is one minor tragedy against the larger catastrophe. 
 Finally,  we see  the Wake .  An interesting pun, and a book about  closure .  The speakers include  Calliope ,  Thessaly , and  Mad Hettie .  The other attendees include almost every character from every part of  Dream 's life.   Daniel  puts in an appearance after the ceremony, and after the cathartic funeral, full of warm remembrances and plenty of crying,  all is mended . 
 January 1996:   Neil Gaiman  finishes his work on  the Sandman .  The last panel of the last book depicts Shakespeare's quill, laid aside for the last time. 
 
 1. The timing of all of the events at the Inn is subjective: from Jim's perspective, it is 1914, but the Inn clearly moves between  time zone s, years, decades, and even eras. 
 2. Various cultural references pin this time down between 1991 and 1992, but Lisa starts with an "L", making it the 12th hurricane that year.  Since "Lisa" is on the  National Weather Service 's rotating name-list for 1992, 1998, and 2004, it seems most likely that this is 1992.  There was a Hurricane Lisa in October of 1998, but there was no Hurricane Lisa in 1992.  The  radio singles  from that year, and most importantly Alvin's gravestone, suggest that it is 1991, however. 
 
 
 
 " What is this? " 
 She was impeccably dressed as always, but her answer did not amuse him. 
 "It's a  necklace ." 
 "There must be some  mistake .  Our contract was for a  suit .  A complete suit of clothes.  You're a  clothier , and I am your client.  A very rich client, a trendsetting client, and almost certainly your  best  client." 
 "I'm well aware of our contract, sir--and of your relationship with our company.  You have commissioned a  personalized  suit of clothes,  absolutely impossible to be copied , and I intend to provide you with one." 
 She stood with one hip against the desk, dark hair shining dimly.  As she toyed with the gold necklace, the light from the window caught the small jewel set in the pendant, and cast a peculiar  tweed  gleam into his eyes.  A  devilish smirk  twisted at the corner of her  mouth .  Her eyes drifted back up from the enthralling jewelry to her client. 
 "You're going to need to  take your clothes off ." 
 He didn't smile.  He did not get the  joke , but he was certain she was playing one, and since they were alone in his office, he was certain that he was the butt of it.  His eyes flickered from the necklace to her eyes and back.  And back to her eyes... and back. 
 "I don't need to take my clothes off to try on a necklace.  Perhaps you misunderstand our contract, or perhaps I just don't understand what you're playing at.  If all you have is the necklace, I'll take it.  But payment will be withheld until I get the rest." 
 She met his eyes and said, "I'm sure you'll be happy with the necklace.  But before I can  give it to you , you need to at least  take off your jacket ." 
 He pursed his lips and his eyebrows bent, as if about to protest, but she cut him off-- 
 "... it doesn't match the necklace." 
 His eyes narrowed for a moment, but he took off his suit coat.  It had cost him  more than most people spend on clothing in a year , and had been worth it.  It was four years old and looked as good on him as it had the day she had tailored it to him, and it was still the height of  fashion .  It made him tall, it made him confident, it made other men jealous without them even knowing why--and it was on a hanger now. 
 He stood in front of the  mirror , and she stepped up behind him closely, as she hung the necklace around his neck.   He felt her body press up against his back , and didn't react at first, because she had pressed against him hundreds of times in the course of her work.  He inhaled deeply and cleared his mind--it felt for all the world as though she were pressing herself, naked, against his clothed back.  He looked sharply into the mirror to confirm that she was clothed, and exhaled.  His tailors had all been men since his narrow escape from  blackmail  and an admittedly pleasant flirtation with being  seduced  at the hands of a female tailor in his earlier days.  Susan was a  pillar of decorum , and  the best in the country at her job ; he had made an exception, and wondered if he was about to regret it.  He speculated for a moment about whether doing  something regrettable  with Susan would be something he would actually  regret . 
 He returned from his brief  reverie  and looked at himself in the mirror, sizing up the color of the chain compared to the collar of his shirt.  He stared more closely for a moment, and then shook his head.  He turned to face her, and for a moment didn't recognize her outfit.  It was, as always, perfect--but hadn't it been red?  He tried to remember, then abandoned the idea. 
 "Susan, you're absolutely right.  I need to  take off my tie and unbutton my shirt  to get an idea of whether I like--no, this is ridiculous.  It's a nice necklace, but it has nothing to do with my suit.  I'll be back when the whole thing is ready." 
 He strode towards the hanger to grab his suit coat, and caught a glimpse of himself in the mirror.  Wearing a suit.  And a suit coat. 
 He stopped suddenly, and touched the sleeve to feel the material.  He looked over at Susan for a moment.  He could not speak, convinced that he had had a seizure, or a stroke.  He looked around the room, down at his watch, and finally back at Susan. 
 " What's going on? " 
 "Take off your tie." 
 Her grin was identical to one he'd seen on his own face, right before he handed someone a surprise gift.  He hesitantly reached up and undid the  Windsor Knot , tossing the hundred-dollar tie over a chair.  His eyes never left hers. 
 " Now look in the mirror ." 
 It was beautiful.  Beyond beautiful.  It was his favorite  Picasso , but somehow the entire painting and its  nuances  had made it onto the long, awkward shape of the necktie.  The blues and purples were just as vivid as in the museum.  "But... how did you?" 
 She was smiling openly now, eyebrows arched.  It was not a request: 
 "Shirt." 
 He reached for the tie, and couldn't feel it.  Ignoring his reflection in the mirror--a  task  he had always found difficult--he undid the top button, and popped each other one delicately through its buttonhole.  He pulled the crisp linen off his back, dropped it in a heap on the floor, and looked up again.  The hue matched the jacket, the tie... beyond perfectly.  It was a daring shade of red, but dammit, it  worked !  He looked to her for an explanation, but she reflected the look back expectantly.  One hand casually tipped, extending a lazy index finger at his pants. 
 
 "So it's different every time?" 
 "Every time.  Sometimes every hour.  Never the same suit twice." 
 "It's really bizarre.  I feel naked when I concentrate, but if I let my mind go, it's no different from any other clothing.  Where did you get the necklace?" 
 "Your  funding  was more than adequate to procure you one.  It is... very rare.  And, in case you're wondering, you  are  naked.  Remember?" 
 She  smiled  again, but he missed her cue.  His  brain  and  body  were too stunned to catch the subtleties of her gender at the moment. 
 "What--what is it made of?" 
 "As near as I could understand, it is made from... well, it's an  incarnation  of the idea of  incarnation .  The making of flesh, made flesh." 
 "But what is it  incarnating ?  Am I wearing the incarnation of someone else's suit?  The  Platonic  Ideal of the Business Suit?  Why aren't you wearing the perfect  little black dress , then?" 
 "Oh, no.  Your jacket is probably... I don't know.  Probably  the incarnation of confidence .  Or  impatience .  Whatever you were feeling when you strode toward the mirror.  The tie is probably  wonder , and a little amusement.  The rest of the outfit is the same way--that shirt was the first thing you tried on without questioning me.  It reflects boldness, your willingness to take risks." 
 "And my pants?" 
 "Let me ask you a question.  When did you realize I was wearing one, too?" 
 "Once I saw the shirt.  I realized your outfit had gone from red to black and back to red.  That was right before I got rid of my shoes and started on my belt.  I think that was when I realized I was--we were-- naked ." 
 "Now, think back: by the time you were taking off your pants, what-- exactly --were you thinking about? 
 
 
 
 Machining is the general term for changing an object's shape by removing precise amounts of material with  machine tools .  Machining generally refers to metal, but most  woodworking  is also machining, and one can machine  PVC , plaster, stone, glass, or any solid material.  For reasons I'll get into, "soft" materials like  aluminum  are easier to machine than brittle materials like glass or diamond.   
 The basics 
 Machine tools include the  lathe , the  drill press , the  mill  (also called a  milling machine ), and to a lesser degree, the  grinder .  A lathe spins a part at high speeds (called "turning") while the  tool  or  bit  takes small amounts off of the part on each rotation, creating objects with axial symmetry.  A drill press makes holes of various sizes in or through a part.  A mill lowers a spinning tool to a captive part and drags the tool across the surface or edge of the part, making the most noticeable changes to a part's shape.   Grinders  and  sanders  are used to remove the  burr s left behind by indelicate machines and molds, and are usually considered finishing machines rather than shaping machines. 
 Most modern machine tools are  computer/numerically controlled , and can be told via a  CAD  program how to remove material from the part.  The user pre-defines a tool path, and the machine duplicates it exactly.  The process of combining computer-aided design with computer-aided machining is called  CAD/CAM , but that acronym is used less and less, and  CNC  is taking its place. 
 Chatter, heat stress, and other hazards 
 When you're spinning a tool against a piece of material at thousands of  rpm s and simultaneously dragging it across the surface, there is a lot of friction and vibration.  There are two ways this can manifest itself.  If the force of the vibration is greater than the strength of the machine's arms and  vise , the bit will  bend  slightly rather than dig any further, and begin to shake against the part.  This is called " chatter ," because that's what it sounds like.  Not only does this cause your smooth cut to become jagged, but if unattended, it can throw the machine out of alignment.  Unless there are safeguards built into the machine, this can be expensive to fix.  If the material is brittle, then you need to make sure the frequency of the vibration is higher than the material's  resonant frequency , and that the force of the bit pressing against the material doesn't stress it too much, or your material will chip or simply shatter.  If the part you're machining is going to be load-bearing, then you want to make sure that the surface you machine doesn't get too hot and create  heat stress  in the part, or you could get a weak spot right where you don't want one.  Most of these problems can be solved by adding  coolant  or  lubricant  to the mix: by keeping a constant stream of a thick oil with a high  heat capacity  pouring across the interface between the tool and the part, you can cool down both of them, and reduce the amount of friction creating the heat.  With a catch pan, a filter (to keep the metal shavings out) and a pump, you can recycle a small amount of oil for hours.  In many modern  CNC  machines, especially large ones making many copies of the same part, the pump is also controlled by the machine, and an  infrared  sensor reads the tool temperature, ensuring that the part stays cool. 
 The cost of tolerance 
 Tolerance  is important in  machining ; both the tolerance of the work, and your ability to tolerate getting oily, getting slivers of metal in your skin, and watching several hours of work and possibly a thousand-dollar work piece go down the drain because you took off an extra  mil --that's  one thousandth of an inch .  Because of the difficulty, a  machinist  can charge anywhere from $50-$500 for an hour of his work (perhaps more for the work of a  CNC  machine, since the machine must be programmed), and depending on the complexity and tolerance you want, the number of hours can approach forty--a full week's work--for a part smaller than your head.  You bring the material (or pay him to order it), you bring the blueprints, and if you've got a good machinist, he will review the blueprints with you to save you both time and money.  Is there an exceptionally tight tolerance in a corner for a reason?  Do you have the part that this one must fit?  If he can do your part in fewer hours, he can do it for you more cheaply, and both of you will be happier with the end result. 
 CNC  machines are, on the other hand,  golemic  in their interpretation of your orders.  My first program took six hours making a wheel hub on a  CNC  lathe; my second made an exact duplicate in two hours.  I realized as I watched the first one that I was taking too little off at each pass, and moving across the part too slowly.  Too fast, and I might have broken a  tool  or shaken the machine out of tolerance with  chatter .  The tools or bits can be as much as $50 for diamond or carbide bits; re-aligning a machine costs hundreds or even thousands of dollars if the machinist on staff doesn't know how to do it. 
 ...but it's fun! 
 Despite all these costs, the risk for injury, and the difficulty of making a part that will fit exactly right the first time,  machining  is not just a job.  Many people treat machining as a hobby, and have extensive machine shops where their neighbors might have a wood shop.  Having done a little machining, I have to admit that it's very rewarding to take a slab of metal and sculpt it into the shape you intended.  Hearing the  snick  of metal on metal as your piece slips into place in whatever you're constructing is a thrill that makes the sweat and dirt worthwhile. 
 
 For most of the 20th century, machining was used to make  prototype s before deciding how to  mass produce  the part.  Recently, however, new methods have eclipsed it in places.  Rapid prototyping  and  photolithography  are, to some extent, the opposites of machining: material is added layer by layer to create a  3-D  shape.  I won't go into any more detail about them here, except to say that  photolithography  can create parts that were impossible to make with traditional machine tools.
 
 
 
 A hard disk drive--often called just a " hard disk " or " hard drive "--is a piece of computer hardware intended for  data storage .  It is usually the  boot disk  in a computer because of the speed, size, relative cost, and reliability of hard disks (compared to  floppy disk s,  CD s, or  optical disk s).  Most of today's hard disks are mounted internally in either a 3.5 inch or 5.25 inch bay, but  legacy  and  proprietary  standards can still be found.  Likewise, as the low end of  hard disk  technology becomes extremely inexpensive, you will increasingly find  hard disk s inside equipment that isn't strictly for " home computing ": a  TiVo , a  CD  "scratcher" turntable, or an  X-Box , for example. Hard disks were not always so omnipresent, however. 
 In  1956 , when " computer " meant  ENIAC  or one of the 46  UNIVAC s that had been built (not 46 models--46 units!), data storage was done with  punched cards , or if you were lucky,  magnetic tape .  That year, a company called  International Business Machines , looking for a better way, introduced the 305 RAMAC ( Random Access  Method of Accounting and Control), which stored data on disks.  The IBM 350  Disk File  could hold 5 million (7- bit ) characters--about 4.4 M --on its fifty 24-inch platters; access time was remarkably fast, since you could read any portion of the data you wanted to without having to  scroll  through all the intervening  register s of storage.  At $35,000 per year to lease the 350 Disk File, this was a steal for large businesses, but not necessarily a home data storage solution.  The 350 RAMAC's storage unit was also very bulky by today's standards--the stack of platters was 24" in diameter and almost 36" tall, and was stored inside a cabinet about the size of a  fume hood  and laboratory bench.  Volume was measurable in cubic meters; storage was in the low megabytes; dollar cost was hundreds of thousands.   Gordon Moore  would be proud 1 . 
 The concept of how a hard disk operates has not changed drastically, although there have been a few improvements in the method.  The 350 Disk File had one read/write head, which travelled up and down the stack on a vertical rail; modern hard disks have two read/write heads for each platter--one for each side! 
 Think of the read/write head as the  needle  in a  phonograph  or  record player , travelling up and down a single spindle with 50 records.  If you knew the  height ,  radius , and  azimuth  of every song, this machine could eliminate the  fast forward  and  rewind  hassle of tapes; hard disks did the same thing for  data storage  years before the  CD  (when a human controlled the  needle arm ,  vinyl  had this feature first).  Instead of using a needle to read the data, however, the read/write head used a magnetic  pickup , similar to what you'll find inside a  microphone  or on an  electric guitar .  It was so sensitive (and so focused) that it could read a variance in the magnetic field emanating from the platter in a specific location without actually touching the surface of the platter. 
 Instead of deep  analog  grooves, the platters stored their data  digitally .  A platter is made from a glass or aluminum  substrate , layered with a  magnetic  medium, and then polished down to very high precision, so the read/write head can "fly" very close to the surface without crashing into the bumps.  This hard platter is where the name " hard disk " comes from--it distinguishes such systems from " floppy disk s", where there is no substrate.  In a modern disk, the  operating system  will divide each platter into  track s and  sector s.  A track is an  annular  region of fixed width--each track consists of all data at a certain  radius  from the center.  A  sector  is all of the data on one track that falls between two  azimuth s.  Within a sector, there are hundreds, thousands, or millions of individual regions called  bit s, each of which can be given a magnetic charge to represent a  1  or a   by the read/write head. 
 The other components of a hard drive are its controller and its motors.  The controller is a small computer that turns a  standardized   set   of   instructions  sent from the main computer's  CPU  into instructions for all of the motors and the read/write head(s).  The spindle motor spins up the platters and keeps track of its rotational position, so that it can precisely duplicate an instruction to spin the disk to a given sector millions of times.  A modern spindle motor can sustain 7200 rpm , and accelerate to that speed in 750 millionths of a second.  The arm motor swings the arm(s) with the read/write head(s) back and forth across the platters, to a known radius, again with extreme precision--modern arm motors can go from the spindle to the edge of the platter and back 50  times a second .  In older systems, there was also a motor to control height, but now multiple read/write heads have made that motor obsolete. 
 As hard disks have become smaller, faster, and higher precision, the need for improved quality parts has increased.  Faster motors, more precise read/write heads, better  data density  on platters, and spindle bearings with increased service lives and quieter operation have brought  hard disk s down into packages measured in cubic inches, storing data in the  billions of bytes , and costing customers on the order of tens or hundreds of dollars.  Two quick comparisons to the  IBM  RAMAC: in  1980 ,  Seagate  Technology introduced the first hard disk drive for microcomputers, the ST506.  It was a full height (twice as high as most current 5 1/4" drives) 5 1/4" drive, with a stepper motor to move the read/write arm up and down, and held 5  Mb ; cost to the customer (including a  power supply  and enclosure!) was over $1,000.  As of this writing,  Western Digital , a well-known  hard disk  manufacturer, had just released a 200 GB  hard drive with fluid bearings, a 7200 rpm  spindle motor, and a 100  MB / s  data transfer rate for $399. 3,4,5 
 
 1. Yes, I know  Moore's Law  doesn't say anything about data storage, just memory on silicon, but hard disk storage volume seems to follow a similar progression, and has tied or beaten Moore's prediction for processor density since the early 1980's. 
 2. Information from (among others) www. ibm .com, www.westerndigital.com, and several excellent tech journals. 
 3. At the end of the 2004 calendar year, it was possible to purchase a 400GB drive with a transfer rate of 1.5 GB/s (using the  serial ATA  interface) and a 7200rpm spindle speed for just over $350. 
 4. At the end of the 2007 calendar year, the same $350 could purchase a 1TB drive with a transfer rate of 3.0 GB/s.  The standard interface had doubled in speed, drives were being bundled with up to 32 MB of volatile on-board  RAM , and spindle speeds were as high as 15,000  rpm .  A comparable drive to the 2004 example had fallen in price to around $60. 
 5.  reserved for future pricing trends 
 
 
 
 Do you remember  back when grunge was cool  how every song on the radio had  electric guitar  and  distortion  and lots of  minor chords , and if your band didn't sound like  Nirvana  or  Pearl Jam  then nobody cared if you had "it" because, as ever,  Top 40  doesn't recognize "it" until the pioneers have already moved on?   Jerry Cantrell  remembers, and the late  Layne Staley  remembered.  It was  1993 , and their band-- Alice in Chains --decided to try something different.  They wrote an  Alice in Chains  song with  major chords . 
 Hey, I  ain't  never coming home .  
Hey, I'll  just wander  my own road. 
Hey, I can't meet you here tomorrow... 
 Say goodbye, don't follow . 
 Misery , so hollow. 
 Alice in Chains decided to leave  grunge  behind for an album.  Picking up from where  Metallica  left off, they recorded  Jar of Flies .  For " Don't Follow ", they decided to keep the things that made them unique.  The harmonies that every  top 40  rock or  nu-metal  band is using today were theirs, first:  Jerry Cantrell  singing the major fourth above  Layne Staley  (in this song, the lead is Jerry's).  Instead of distorted guitars, they went with acoustic guitars, possibly inspired by the  MTV Unplugged  phenomenon which was making  Nirvana  and other artists tons of money.  Two years later, they recorded an unplugged disc.  I'm still not sure why this song isn't on it. 
 Hey you, you're livin' life  full throttle .  
 Hey you , pass me down  that bottle , yeah.  
Hey you, you can't shake me round now.  
I get so lost and don't know how, yeah,  
and it hurts to care. I'm  going down .   
 Oh, and here's why it's not just another unplugged whine about lost love.  There's a  harmonica .  But that doesn't make it  another unplugged whine about lost love with a harmonica .  This is a departure from  grunge , and a tip of the hat to every  hair metal  band that recorded one slow song so they would get their records played at  junior high  dances:  Nelson  and  Mr. Big  come to mind.  Of course, Alice in Chains know more about making music and songwriting than anyone who was recording a one-off slow song back then.  It sounds like a love song, but it's a break up song.  Here--here's the bridge where it takes over from being slow and quiet to being not as slow, not as quiet, and less plaintive.  The guitars ring like they do at the end of  Guns N Roses '  Patience  while the harmonica  ad lib s and Layne sings: 
 Forgot my woman, lost my friends , 
things I've  done , and where I've been.  
I sleep in sweat, the mirror's cold:  
see my face, it's growin' old. 
Scared to  death ,  no reason  why,  
do  whatever  to get me by.  
Think about the things I said,  
read the page:  it's cold and dead . 
Take me home! 
 The more you listen to it, the more it sounds like an  homage  to  Patience , perhaps the epilogue to that same story.   Layne Staley 's voice does the same sort of whine that Axl Rose's does, but with less scratchy funk, and more soul.  Layne sings the high harmony during the verses but Jerry lets him loose at  the bridge  until the end.  Like " I Stay Away " (from the same album),  Don't Follow  is great  Alice in Chains  made better with a guest instrument and a change of pace. 
 Take me home... 
take me home! 
 take me home... yeah, yeah, take me home. 
 Say goodbye--don't follow. 
 
 
 
 Terrorism Information and Prevention System 
 "A national system for  concerned workers  to report  suspicious activity ." 
 
 Operation  TIPS  - the Terrorism Information and Prevention System - will be a nationwide program giving millions of  American  truckers, letter carriers, train conductors, ship captains, utility employees, and  others  a formal way to report  suspicious   terrorist   activity . Operation TIPS, a project of the U.S. Department of Justice, will begin as a pilot program in  10 cities that will be selected . 
 Operation  TIPS , involving 1 million  workers  in the pilot stage, will be a national reporting system that allows these  workers , whose routines make them well-positioned to recognize  unusual events , to report  suspicious activity . Every  participant  in this new program will be given an Operation TIPS  information sticker  to be affixed to the cab of their vehicle or placed in  some other public location  so that the  toll-free reporting number  is readily available. 
 Everywhere  in America, a  concerned worker  can call a toll-free number and be connected directly to a hotline routing calls to the  proper law enforcement agency  or  other responder organizations  when appropriate. 
 
 Operation TIPS is coming in August 2002.
 Volunteer now! 
 
 All information (except the distrustful pipelinks) verbatim from http://www.citizencorps.com/tips.html.  
 
 
 
 The ballistic coefficient  β  is a measurement of an object's ability to move through a fluid.  It takes into account the effects of an object's  density  and its skin  friction , and is calculated as follows: 
 
 β =  m  *  C D  /  A 
 β is typically expressed in  kg / m 2  .  I've never seen it expressed in  English  units, but I imagine it's expressed in  psi .  Quite silly.  Of course, there is also the unitless measurement of beta, as compared to the  G1 standard bullet , used exclusively in the realm of  firearms .  In that case, β is expressed as a multiple or fraction of the drag of a G1 Bullet.  In most cases, higher numbers are better. 
 The ballistic coefficient describes how closely an object will follow a  ballistic  trajectory in a fluid (typically air).  Ballistic coefficient should be given with a specific speed, since this is another factor which changes the object's ability to slice cleanly through the fluid, and is not included in measurements of β.  Typically, a reference will be to "beta at  Mach  1, standard atmosphere."  Since  C D  (a component of beta) depends on the fluid density, this removes all ambiguity from the measurement. 
 Objects for which a high ballistic coefficient is important are  bullet s,  artillery  shells, and  reentry vehicle s.  For bullets and objects designed to fly horizontally, higher ballistic coefficient means less vulnerability to drag.  The more drag acts on the bullet, the longer it's in the air, and the longer extra forces like  gravity  act on it, steering it off-course.  For a  reentry vehicle  or other projectile already using  gravity  to get to its target, the most important factor in hitting the target is maintaining velocity after it's aimed; a lower ballistic coefficient means a slower impact speed and a longer flight, as well as significantly reduced range and accuracy. 
 For manned spacecraft (think  Apollo  capsules), accuracy and insufficient velocity aren't problems, but the heat and excessive impact speed are.  The higher the  capsule 's beta, the faster it comes in through the high atmosphere.  This means that the heat encountered during reentry comes all at once, in a super-high spike, and that the capsule could still be moving supersonically when it hits the ground (yes, hits the ground... with people inside... at Mach-something-bad).  Needless to say, this is not a friendly environment in which to deploy parachutes.  If, however, the capsule is designed to be blunt, and have a large bottom surface area, its beta will be low, and more kinetic energy will be bled off as heat.  This translates to a lower peak temperature, a higher transition to  subsonic  speeds, for the cost of a longer heating envelope. 
 
 
 A final note for any  firearms  enthusiasts: just as you shouldn't buy a computer based only on  gigahertz , don't make ammunition purchase choices based solely on beta.  Many companies are still wavering on whether the  G1 standard bullet  is a good standard, since in many cases G2, G5-G8, and  GI  can each be a better  benchmark  for a specific bullet shape.  Ask questions and read up.  And for you missile enthusiasts out there: the same advice holds true.  C'mon... a  nuclear -armed  reentry vehicle  doesn't need to be  that  accurate. 
 
 
 
 A shirt garter is a piece of clothing associated with the  military , and serves a purpose similar to the  garter  (and  garter belt ) in a female's wardrobe.  There are two key differences: no  garter belt  is required, and instead of holding one's stockings  up , it holds one's shirt  down .  Shirt garters are responsible for that super-tight tuck of a  Marine 's shirt, right after he stands up.  Shirt garters keep a  button-down shirt  from puffing out at the back, bunching up on the sides, or becoming in any way wrinkled.  Shirt garters are common in all branches of  military  service. 
 How it works 
 It works like this: at the end of the elastic shirt  garter --just like on the female model--there is a metal hoop and a loosely-fitted rubber stud assembled into a clip.  The clip is secured by slipping a layer of cloth against the hoop and then locking the rubber stud into the hoop.  This causes the clip to tightly grip the cloth.  Each shirt garter is comprised of two such clips at each end of a long elastic garter; some models have a single clip at the sock end and a Y-shaped split with two clips at the shirt end. 
 Wearing shirt garters 
 Put on your shirt and socks, but  not your pants .  If you're using straight shirt garters, you'll need four.  Two attached to the front (about midway across your thigh) and two in back (evenly spaced).  If you're using Y-garters, clip them to the sides of your shirt.  Once they're attached to your shirt, adjust their length (the tab on them works like  suspenders  or a  bra strap ) so all four are even, within a few inches of the tops of your socks.  With Y-garters, attach them to the outside of your socks.  With straight garters, go front-and-back, either shirt-front to sock-front or criss-crossed around the outside of the knee.  You'll notice that your shirt is now pulled tightly down your chest and back.  It will stay there until you unclip the garters. 
 Now: put on your pants. 
 The Pros and Cons 
 The benefits are clear: a tight, crisp military tuck.  Combined with diligent  starch ing and  iron ing, your shirt will be flat and smooth all day, even if you lay down and take a nap under your desk during lunch.  The downsides include  missing leg hair  (from the elastic contracting and expanding),  sore shoulders  (from the tension of the shirt being pulled down all day long), and of course, looking  extremely silly  if you have to take off your uniform in front of anyone. 
 Hey!  I said put on your pants. 
 
 
 
 The  ninth  track on the  Barenaked Ladies ' album " Maybe You Should Drive ", this song is really the  keystone  of the whole album, dwarfing the throwaway singles " A " and " Life in a Nutshell ".  Soaring riffs, pounding rock bass, a sort of grim  jazz  piano, and broad, sweeping instrumentation that places this song at the pinnacle of '90s power-pop, but also earns it a place along such canonical rock and roll anthems--dare I say  monuments ? 1 --as  Stairway to Heaven  and  Bohemian Rhapsody .  The ironic twist in the last stanza is  lyrical  and smart, and brings to mind the morality of songs like " Luka " and " Waterfalls ", teaching an important lesson. 
 Really, this song needs to be heard to be believed.  I can't really do the majesty of some of those awesome chord progressions justice here, but I  can  give you the lyrics.  You'll laugh, you'll cry, you'll put this song on " repeat one "--just don't say I didn't warn you.  The greatness of the catchy, toe-tapping (but musically challenging!) melody is only exceeded by the fine wit in every word of the lyrics. 
 (ahem) 
 
 Lyrics: 
 Hey, I'm a cow, I'm curious. 
Hey, watch me now, I'm furious. 
 piano bridge, with lonesome tuba noise approximating a cow's moo 
Hey, I'm a cow, I'm curious. 
Hey, watch me now, I'm furious. 
 
Hey, I'm a cow, I'm full of hate. 
Hey, watch me now, I'm on your plate. 2 
 fin 3 
 
 
1. I dare.  "Monuments."  So there. 
2. I guess it's actually just a short little filler of a song, like the title says.  Oh well. 
3. The lyrics contained herein being somewhat less than 250 words and the academic discourse thereof comprising the balance of this 300+ word writeup, this work is compliant with  Everything2 Copyright Changes .
 
 
 
 This is the opening track on  Phish 's  1996  album,  Billy Breathes .  It sets the tone for the album: very broad  piano  chords, long resonant  bass guitar , and almost enough  drums  to be a rock anthem, but not quite--the ride cymbal is a constant, the heavy crash cymbals are only used for effect.   Trey Anastasio  keeps his guitar subdued (for once) and the overall effect is quite good, teasing vaguely  Indian  riffs out in what almost sounds like a reverse effect. 
 The  bridge  is reminiscent of  Aerosmith 's " Livin' on the Edge ", and the ending chorus, the chord structure and instrumentation remind me of  Faith No More 's " Epic ".  You can sing the final reprised verse over the repeating final chorus of  The Smashing Pumpkins ' " Rocket ".  The serendipity of singing "Free" from  Billy Breathes  while  Billy Corgan  sings--or breathes--"I shall be free!" is a pleasant twist. 
 The lyrics are pretty typical  Phish : not terribly imaginative or poetic, but catchy and inoffensive.  They express in simple couplets the carefree mood of the album's front side, as well as making a few pointed  Phishy  references to  phan  in-jokes: 
I'm floating in  the blimp  a lot.  
I feel  the feeling I forgot :  
Swimming weightless in the womb,  
 Bouncing gently 'round the room .  
In a minute I'll be free,  
And we'll be  splashing  in the sea.  
 
 
I feel  no  curiosity. 
 I see the path  ahead of me: 
 In a minute  I'll be  free , 
and we'll be splashing in the sea.  
We hear a  tiny cry , 
as  the ship  goes sliding by... 
 Free! 
 Free! 
 Free! 
 
I'm floating in  the blimp  a lot.  
I feel  the feeling I forgot : 
I'm floating in the blimp a lot, 
I feel... free!  
 Free!  
Free! 
 Free! 
 Free! 
 
 addendum :  U. Penn 's  Off the Beat  sing an excellent  a cappella  version of this which I occasionally prefer to the original.
 
 
 
 This staple of  juvenilia  is somewhat elementary.  You're probably thinking, " Jurph , you total moron!   Everyone  knows how to do this, and if they don't, hand them a rubber band, and they'll figure it out."  To that, I reply, "Oh, I'm sorry, maybe I should have explained--this node is about 
 How to shoot a rubber band with extreme range and precision." 
 For this trick, you will need:
 Two hands, one with at least a finger and thumb, one with at least one finger.
 A  rubber band .
 A target (optional).
 
 Form your  less-dextrous  thumb and forefinger into a wide " L " shape (think of the old " loser " forehead symbol).  Stretch the rubber band over this--your " L " may deform into a semi-circle; this is okay.  This will be the "rubber band hand". 
 Hold the " L " so that the rubber band is  horizontal  and the inside of your wrist faces you.  If you can't visualize this, imagine you are going to use the rubber band as a  slingshot , or that you're going to throw a  paper airplane .  Think of how the  German s hold their cigarettes in old  WWII  movies.  That's how you should be holding your hand. 
 Now, straighten the  index finger  of your other hand.  This will be the "aiming finger."  Bring the rubber band closer to your chest than the aiming hand, then slip the aiming finger up into the rubber band's loop, as shown below. 
 
  _           _   _                /\
 (_\_________(_\_/_)              /  \
  \_______________/              /    \
 ( \ \         V /\             |_/  \_|
 (\ \ \       / A  \             /____\
  \\ \ \_____/ / \  \           |______|
   \          /  aiming     
   /  left   /   finger        aim this way
  /   hand  /

 
 Now  slowly  push the aiming finger away from you while holding the rubber band slightly  taut .  The rubber band should be forming a triangle-- not  an  isosceles  triangle!--on all three fingers.  As you push the aiming finger away, carefully rotate the rubber band hand (bringing the thumb towards you) until the non-aiming finger no longer has any slack on it--retract it into your fist.  At this point, the rubber band hand's thumb and the aiming finger should have the  rubber band  stretched between them.  One side (in this case, the right side) of the rubber band should be quite tense; the other, less tense, but not slack. 
 
Looking down on the fingers, then:
1.  
   ___________
  ( O _______ o _ O )
         
2.        _ 
        _/ o \
      _/    \
    _/       \ 
  _/          \
 ( O ___________ O )
       _
3.    | o |
      | |
     / O  |
     |  |
     |  |
     |  |
     |  |
     \  |
      \ O |

       _
3.    / o |
      | |
      | |
      | |
      | |}-- this side quite tense
      | |
      |}+--- this side less tense
      | |
      \ O |
       
 
 Stretch the aiming finger away toward your target.  If you wish, you may rotate the thumb further to increase the tension differential between the two  halves of the rubber band. 
 Release the rubber band from the thumb--it should go sailing towards the target  very  quickly, and with a little practice you can "call" your shots from across the room: left ear,  between the eyes , etc.  Even if you just miss, most people will exclaim that they  heard  it go by--you know you're doing it right when it whistles. 
 
 
 Why does it work? 
 The tension differential in the rubber band causes the rubber band to spin like a  frisbee  in flight.  This gives it a stability that a normally fired rubber band doesn't have.  The spin also causes the rubber band to gain  lift  from its edges, and to massively reduce skin  friction , and likewise  drag .  Some of these shots will  hook  or  slice , but in general, they sail straighter, faster, and about 50% farther than a normally fired  rubber band .  Quick troubleshooting tip: if the  rubber band  goes into a  stall  and seems to just hang in the air about ten feet away, you've put too much spin on it; lessen the tension difference between the two sides before firing, so that you can pull it back farther.  A perfectly balanced shot can fly 20+ feet and hit a one-foot circle every time.  A slight imbalance will result in a hook around fifteen feet; a serious imbalance stalls or hooks inside ten feet. 
 After about fifty practice shots, I became adept enough to hit a  doorknob  from twelve feet away on the first try.   YMMV , of course, but using this method, you will consistently hit targets harder, at greater range, and with more accuracy than your counterparts.   You're not still in  third grade --why should your  cubicle   warfare  skills be? 
 
 
 
 This song is an instant classic! "Enormous Penis" is a  barber shop  number by the  well-resepcted  singing group  Da Vinci's Notebook .  It is  a cappella  at its finest--it combines  goosebump -inducing harmonies with a catchy melody, a  bouncy  bass line, and, of course, lyrics about having an  enormous penis .  The tune is reminiscent of  Jimmy Buffet 's old-fashioned hit " Pencil-Thin Mustache "... I'll let you fill in any  inappropriate joke  you like here.  I've heard  Da Vinci's Notebook  perform this song live, and they always throw in some kind of localized joke in the last chorus.  In addition, the  RIT   Brick City  Singers performed a cover of this song on their 2002 Spring Tour, and even knowing the song from the first chord, I was still amused throughout the song. 
 You can hear this song in  MP3  format at the  Washington Post 's website or  The Bob and Tom Show  website.  You can buy the song by purchasing their  2002  album  Brontosaurus  or the  Enormous Penis  single from davincisnotebook.com.  You can get the lyrics by listening to the song, or by  reading the rest of this node.  using  Google . 
 
 <strong>Lyrics</strong><BR>
<P align="center">Whenever life gets you down,
<BR>Keeps you wearing a frown,
<BR>And the <a href="/title/gravy+train" title="gravy train" class='populated' >gravy train</a> has left you behind;
<BR>And when you’re all out of hope,
<BR>Down at the <a href="/title/It%2527s+the+End+of+the+World+As+We+Know+it" title="It's the End of the World As We Know it" class='populated' >end of your rope</a>, 
<BR>And nobody is there to throw you a <a href="/title/whose+line+is+it+anyway%253F" title="whose line is it anyway?" class='populated' >line</a>;
<BR>If you ever get so low,
<BR>That you don’t know which way to go,
<BR>Come on and take a walk in my shoes:
<BR>Never worry about a thing,
<BR>Got the world on a string,
<BR>‘Cause I got the cure for all of my <a href="/title/blue+balls" title="blue balls" class='populated' >blues</a>!
<BR><em>(All of his blues...)</em></P>
<BR>
<P>I take a look at my <a href="/title/the+penis+mightier+than+the+sword" title="the penis mightier than the sword" class='populated' >enormous penis</a> <BR>
And my troubles start melting away!<BR>
I take a look at my <a href="/title/elephantitis" title="elephantitis" class='populated' >enormous penis</a> <BR>
And the happy times are coming to stay!<BR>
I gotta sing and I dance, <BR>
When I glance in my pants, <BR>
And the feeling's like <a href="/title/I+can+see+clearly+now" title="I can see clearly now" class='populated' >a sunshiney day</a>!<BR>
I take a look at my <a href="/title/bigger+is+better" title="bigger is better" class='populated' >enormous penis</a> <BR>
And everything is going my way!<BR>
<BR>
<p align="center"><em>(One-half stanza of <a href="/title/whistling+in+the+dark" title="whistling in the dark" class='populated' >whistling</a>)</em><BR>
<em>(<a href="/title/scat" title="scat" class='populated' >Louis Armstrong style</a>:)</em>
Zwivvizoo-zop-bop-booboodivvy,<BR>
voo-zhop-vob zowady, <BR>
fodya phoz-phot ba chew-bee-doo-waaah,<BR>
zipper zee bop <em>
(dah)</em><BR>
zha bop <em>
(dah)</em><BR>
<strong><large>
<a href="/title/The+penis+game" title="The penis game" class='populated' >Pe- he- he- nis!</a></large></strong><BR>
Sop'n doyp en doyp en doo-bee-zoo-wow...<BR></P>
<P><BR>
<big>EVERYBODY!</big><BR>
I take a look at my enormous penis,<BR>
And my troubles start a melting away!<BR>
I take a look at my enormous penis,<BR>
And the happy times are <a href="/title/mind+in+the+gutter" title="mind in the gutter" class='populated' >comin'</a> to stay!<BR>
Yeah I got great big amounts,<BR>
In the <a href="/title/Swiss+bank+account" title="Swiss bank account" class='populated' >place where it counts</a>,<BR>
And the feeling's like <a href="/title/good+lovin%2527" title="good lovin'" class='populated' >a sunshiney day</a>:<BR>
I take a look at my <a href="/title/King+Kong" title="King Kong" class='populated' >enormous penis</a><BR>
And everything is going my way, <em>
(my trouser monster)</em><BR>
everything is going my way, <em>
(my <a href="/title/meat+is+murder" title="meat is murder" class='populated' >meat is murder</a>)</em> <BR>
everything is going my way, <em>
(<a href="/title/size+doesn%2527t+matter" title="size doesn't matter" class='populated' >size doesn't matter</a>)</em> <BR>
<a href="/title/E2" title="E2" class='populated' >Everything</a> is going my way! <BR>
<em>
(yum!)</em><BR> 
 
 
 
 There are no more sunsets .  You must get used to this first, and the pain it causes is a sour thing.  They used to be like baths: rare quiet moments where the water did not ripple, noises could be ignored, the taste of the air could be savored for promising scents before.  A sunset was a pause in the long, intense fierce living of the day.  You will miss the sunsets.  Remember that, and treasure a few more before you leave. 
 There are no more  goats .  It has been years since I have seen one; I hear sheep and goats and cows still roam in tame flocks in other parts of the world.  I would laugh if  laughter  still meant  humor .  Children go to see the herds of placid animals, penned in their  grid s and mazes, their metal cages.  They feed the food and don't see the circles, the knots, the things you laugh at in your world with its sunsets still. 
 Do you remember  stories ?  Their food, their fires, the talking and laughter, all pulled in toward the smoke and light against the dark, the  treeline  breathing quietly in the night?  They told the stories and it made them  strong ,  smart ,  quick : they learned to sharpen a stick.  They told stories and they learned to make promises.  They told stories and it made them  dream  of escaping the  wild , and now there is no more wild. 
 Do you remember stories?  I remember one: a  king , a  beast , a  prison --they learned the word " maze " and made promises.  They learned the word  " monster " and promised they'd never make another one, they'd never need a maze.  They learned the word " progress " and sharpened more sticks and piled their rocks high.  It was like watching a mountain rise from the dust.  They carried light with them into the darkness, and it stayed light: can dust keep rain away?  Can a leaf hold back the wind?  You stayed safe, though, and so did I.  They made up that word, "safe", because there wasn't a name for it; there was nothing that lived long enough to name it. 
 Do you remember their words, their learning?  Circles, large circles, the same words over and over, and they'd walk away mumbling the words so they would remember.  They learned too many words, and forgot their  promises : the words they learned were " village " and " town ", " fortress " and " city ", " aqueduct " and " sewer ," and that was when I came to live with them. 
 Leave behind your sunsets and your goats: now there is no more wild!  They told stories and learned promises, learned words and forgot stories, learned cities and forgot promises they made, and now they have their  maze .  And now they have their  monster .  And now, they have children, who have finally forgotten the stories.  Come join me in the city!  I will show you goats that walk on two feet, and sunsets that swirl in rivers of underground bathwater: red, redder, reddest. 
 
 
 
 The short answer: 
 It's better to run. 
 The long, and slightly more entertaining answer:   Thomas Peterson and Trevor Wallis,  meteorologists  from the  National Climatic Data Center  in  Asheville, NC  set out to disprove the 1995 research of Dr. Stephen Belcher, of the  University of Reading  in Britain: the doctor had stated in the meteorological journal  Weather  that there was little to no difference between  walking and running , and that the same number of  raindrops hit you  regardless of your speed (Don't dismiss that thesis out of hand just yet--it'll come up later). 
 The clever lads bought two identical sets of  sweats  and caps and measured off a 100-meter test track.  Then, during a  downpour , one of them walked (1.5 m/s) and one of them ran (4 m/s) the distance.  They wore garbage bags under their clothes to eliminate the contribution of sweat to the clothing's wetness, and weighed the two sets of apparel afterward.  The walker absorbed .22  kilogram s of water while the runner absorbed  40 per cent less , about .13  kilograms .  Their 1997 report, also published in  Weather , was celebrated as the authoritative word on the ages-old question.  Wallis stated that the research "confirms something that much of us learn as children.   Loitering  in the rain gets you wetter." 
 But there's a catch! 
 This holds true for a rainstorm of finite distance, but over long distances or at automobile speeds, other effects come into play that change the game.  Yes, it's child's play to note that the less time you spend in the rain (by moving through its space boundary, the  door , sooner) the dryer you will be.  But what about rainstorms that don't have a boundary in space?  Let's take a quick look:
 Imagine the rain as an even distribution of water particles with a known vertical velocity  v y  and a known density  ρ .  Furthermore, this rainstorm is  infinite  in space: it goes on evenly in all directions, with the same velocity characteristics throughout.  We'll simplify your clothing as a rectangle with area  A , and assume that the rain has no velocity perpendicular to gravity  and  your motion: that is, no  crosswind .  Since the rain is uniform no matter how far you go, it's easy to imagine that you are  stationary  and that the rain is moving horizontally towards you at a variable speed  v x , resulting in each raindrop having an identical velocity vector  V .  One last thing: since the area  A  is approximately your  cross section  perpendicular to the flow of raindrops,  A  is going to be a function of  v x , varying from your  footprint  (roughly your shoulder width times your bum-to-belly or bum-to-bust  depth ) to your frontal area (your height times your shoulder width).   A(v)  will become a maximum when the ratio of your speed to the vertical speed of the rain is equal to the ratio of your depth (that's bum-to-belly or bum-to-bust) to your height.  A(v)  will be minimized at one of the two extremes--your footprint or your frontal area, whichever is smaller. 
 How wet you get over a finite time  t  can then be calculated as 
 Wetness = t * q * A(v) 
where  q = V * ρ 
 Since we hypothesize a rainstorm of  finite  time and  infinite  space,  t  is not under your control.  Likewise, the rain's downward velocity and density are not yours to change.  You have already been given the opportunity to change your shape--once stuck in the rain, we hypothesize that a  crash diet  won't help you.  The only parameter under your control is your horizontal speed!  Luckily, that influences both  A(v)  and  V .  To minimize Wetness, we come to the following conclusions:
 
 If your height is larger than your depth, stand still.  A(v)  and  V  are minimized, and while you will get wet, you are better off than if you ran. 
 If your depth is larger than your height (imagine  Superman  flying horizontally), you need to make your horizontal speed equal to the vertical speed of the rain times the ratio of your depth to your height; the quantity  A(v)  *  V  is  darn near  minimized.  Otherwise, just lay still.  If you're capable of orienting yourself so that your smallest cross section is horizontal, do so, and stand still.
 If you want to get as wet as possible, run at a horizontal speed which maximizes  A , or make your horizontal velocity as high as possible. 
 A special case 
If you are in a  convertible  with the top stuck down or other  very fast  vehicle which has its own surface area (some of which you do not want to get wet), there are certain  aerodynamic  effects I have ignored.  If you  tailgate  a tractor trailer (or an  articulated lorry  if none are available), you will rest inside a tunnel of relatively  stagnant  air insulated from this ideal but infinite storm by a  boundary layer  of fast-moving air.  If your car goes fast enough, you may even be able to get most of the convertible's front seat inside the  boundary layer  created by the car's own windshield.  The downside is that you're trading a wet frontal area for a dry top surface--your  windshield wipers  will need to work harder to keep the windshield clear, and you risk reducing your visibility to near-zero as you increase speed.
 
 Disclaimer : As with all of my pseudo-science nodes, feel free to try this at home, but I'm not going to be responsible if you  catch a cold  or  blow your fingers off . 
 Follow-up:  Cecil Adams , of  The Straight Dope  fame, has also answered this question, though not in as much gory detail as I.  His column (which also mentions Peterson & Wallis,  supra ) can be found at   http://www.straightdope.com/classics/a3_395.html 
 
 
 
 Since the idea of space travel first began appearing in print, and later in film, it has taken shape with a  naval  metaphor: star- ships ,  captain s, decks, bridges, and so forth.  Traveling from island to island, you stay inside an intergalactic ship, sails (or hyperdrive) unfurled to the winds.  When you arrive, you take a  dinghy  to the shore, or a  lifeboat , or a  skiff .  A small craft, stripped down for the much-shorter voyage from the   mothership  to the shore, with only the bare essentials for a day trip.  In the naval metaphor, the  drop ship  is the captain's yacht, the dinghy, the rowboat of interstellar travel.  The "bare essentials" for a drop ship are  life support , heat shielding, and  propellant  for the trip back up.  Carrying the necessary propellant for the trip back up is what separates a drop ship from a  reentry vehicle ,  SSTO  transport, or a  space shuttle . 
 I was unable to discover who coined the phrase "drop ship" to refer to the down-and-back-up craft that is  ubiquitous  in space  science fiction .   Robert A. Heinlein 's novel  Starship Troopers  (1959) features a "lifeboat" which descends, picks up the troopers (minus their  ammo ) and returns to the  Roger Young .  The movie  Aliens  (1986) was the first movie to introduce the term into widespread sci-fi vernacular.   Aliens  deserves the credit for entrenching the idea of a drop ship in the minds of  pop culture : for every factual reference to the idea of a drop ship on  google , I found many references to the  Space Marine s and their "UD-4L Drop Ship" as depicted in the film.  During the same time period (1985-1987),  Battletech   RPG  sourcebooks were being published, extensively detailing drop ship operations.  It's possible that both sets of authors were inspired by something slightly earlier; perhaps even Heinlein's lifeboats.  All the same, the concept is nothing new: as early as 1928, covers of  Amazing Stories  showed stellar explorers exiting a "landing craft" and walking onto the lushly forested surface of one of  Jupiter's moons . 
 The first drop ship ever made on  Earth  was the  Apollo Project 's  Lunar Module , circa 1969.  It descended from lunar orbit, landed safely, and allowed the crew to exit for an indefinite amount of time--limited only by their life support and sustenance needs--and then  ascend ed from a standstill (leaving unnecessary hardware behind) to dock with the still-orbiting  service module - command module  complex.  The space capsules for the  Mercury Project  (and likewise the  Gemini Project , and any Russian equivalents) don't qualify because they were designed with an "up-then-back-down" mission, vice the "down-then-back-up" mission which makes drop ship design so challenging. 
 Don't get me wrong:  single-stage-to-orbit  designs are the most promising avenue of research for an eventual all-purpose drop ship.   Scramjet  technology,  ablative  heat shielding,  regenerative cooling , and possibly  nuclear fusion  will all need to come a long way before we're there (current rocket designs don't have the  impulse density  necessary to do the job and leave room for cargo).  Of course, by the time we develop actual  interstellar  travel, we'll have done all the "baby steps" like a  mission to Mars , and we'll have learned some of the important lessons necessary to building a reliable drop ship.
 
 Don't confuse the spacecraft called a "drop ship" with the method of package delivery called " drop shipping " where the  retail er tells the  wholesale  source or  factory  to send a package directly to the customer's address.  Drop shipping technology is already very reliable, and compared to the cost of a drop ship, unbelievably cheap.  If it needs to get from the factory to the customer,  drop ship  it; if it needs to get from orbit to the surface and back, send it in a  drop ship . 
 
 
 
 OBJECTS IN REAR VIEW MIRROR STRANGER THAN YOU THINK 
 She had black hair, cut short and spiky.  Bright blue eyes, totally unnatural, like in a  TV  commercial, or a  black & white  movie where they only colorize one little thing, and these eyes burned bright bright bright, but one of them had a bruise, a total  shiner , bloody like a  hickey  in spots, with a smear of blood on her cheek.  Her skin was pale, kind of, but dirty, and there was no way I could be expected to notice what she was wearing, except that it wasn't anything that you'd say "what an outfit" about. 
 ...and seventeen dollar lips.  She hadn't paid seventeen dollars, but if your average gorgeous woman had spent seventeen dollars on  lipstick  and  magazines  to make their lips look enticing, it might have looked this good.  She  pulled it off without trying --I got the feeling she'd applied it at the department store while the cashier wasn't looking, from a brand-new  tube  that wasn't supposed to be a sampler, and that all the women and pre-pubescent girls who came along afterward were dissapointed in that then-sampler tube because she had used up every ounce of  sex appeal  in it: she was wearing all the magic out. 
 All of this registered the second time I saw her--the first glimpse I caught was in the  rear-view mirror  of a  UPS  truck parked along the street, storming up from behind me,  pissed off  at the world.  I turned around and got hit head-on with all of this: the eyes, the lips, the blood... she took up so much space, and it wasn't exaggerated.  She wasn't trying to make herself a badass, or be the  center of attention , she was just so small that her  presence  was amplified despite her size.  And she wasn't even really that tiny, just thin.  She had scorned everyone who had ever called her " cute " and that scorn was written in  cursive  with her compact hips when she strode towards me, and that's when I saw she had a stick, a big-ass branch from a tree. 
 She's snapping it down from this totally unwieldy branch with every step, breaking off smaller and smaller lengths, and it's shaping up to be a  formidable weapon .  She's shouting, but I can't hear her over the traffic.  It's  Marla Singer  in  Suzie Derkins ' body.  It's every cute girl I've ever known, growling at me from inside a half-scale  German Shepherd  or a  wolverine .  I cannot imagine why the blood on her cheek is not sizzling.  At this point I know that under her jeans (or over them?) she's wearing  fishnet  stockings, and I'm getting an idea of who she is as she keeps shouting: 
 "--did to me!  Look what you fucking  did  to me!  Look what you fucking  did  to me!" 
 And she's totally in a place to hit me with the stick and she's not, she just stands there next to me, snapping it over and over and over, shouting and  snapping the stick rhythmically .  I'm mortified, guilty, I don't know what I did, but here comes ( oh shit ) her boyfriend, but he's  cool .  I don't know why, or how, but he's cool.  He's like  Vince  from college, or  Owen Wilson , or someone I can't place, but he's cool, he tries to reel her in as she throws twigs on the ground at my feet like she's trying to fence me in.  I didn't hit her, I swear.  The Boyfriend has a bloody nose.  The  UPS  truck, I notice, is crumpled into a  Volkswagen Thing 's hood.   I'm not wearing a brown uniform, but I think maybe I'm guilty . 
 "I'm... I'm sorry.  Please, what do you want me to do? Please?  Tell me what I can do to make it better.  Please." 
 This is me, pleading to her.   I want her to want me .  She hates my guts. 
 "You want to know what you can do?  Go find another FUCKING state to terrorize!   Delaware  doesn't WANT you!!" 
 And I have the answer here, for her: 
 "I... I have.  I really have.  I'm not in Delaware, I'm in  Ohio ." 
 and she SMILES. 
 From here on out, we're best friends, her arm around my shoulder, she wants to know why I left Delaware, how Ohio is, not speaking in complete sentences.  The boyfriend is a blur at the edge of my vision, but I recognize  Brian , happy and confident, unconcerned as other men flirt with  Suzy --it's just a glimpse, but this moment is pure and crystal, and I know I am not offending while I quietly lust after this tiny demon he has tamed. 
 She looks over the papers I am--was not previously, but am now--holding.  I can see clearly, these are the  Top Secret  papers I worked on at my job yesterday, highly classified.  But as she pages through them, they become a pamphlet for a  Baptist  ministry, a slick, glossy lie about  Jesus  and the burning,  Satanic  hatred he bears towards everyone who has ever befriended a  gay  person.  She begins to frown and I stammer that it isn't mine, it's not what it appears to be, and she smiles up at me and says,
 "Oh, it's fine.  The  Russians  have been making these for years to hide important documents from us.  Besides, you haven't seen a church until you've seen our church." 
 I am dragged in.  Archetypical bosomy black women in cheap, shiny faux-satin robes clap and sing, "Whoa-oa-oa-oa-OOOOOA-LORD-Lord-lord! PRAI-ai-ai-ai-aise!  HIM!" And the  reverend , an  Asian  gentleman, pours white light from his palms into a thick thick book that says  BIBLE  on the front, but which is  not  the Bible.  I cannot see clearly, but I think it is the source of the organ music. 
 She wipes the  blood  off her cheek, and it pools onto her fingertip like  chocolate syrup , shining in the candle light.  She offers it up to me, and I take her fingertip in my mouth, tasting it.  It only tastes like blood for a moment, and then it is sweet, sour, tangy, alcoholic, warm, cool, minty, sharp... too many flavors.  My mind reels.  This instant probably lasted for whole minutes while I slept.  I was unaware. 
 Her boyfriend goes into a  religious  seizure on the floor, the over-fluffed  fur  collar on his denim jacket protecting his head from the cool stone floor.  I turn to her in his absence and say, quickly, under the shouting of the Reverend, the call-backs from the  congregation , 
 "Your car, your man, your church are in ruins.  Tell me what city I can find you in.  What city?" 
...and with a knowing smile, she says,
" mumble ." 
And I ask again,
 What city?  I can't hear you.  Tell me where to find you." 
...and with a knowing smile, she says,
" mumble ." 
I hold her shoulders 
look her in the eyes 
I KNOW she is saying a word.  It is the name of a city. 
...and with that same knowing smile, she says,
" mumble ." 
 i wake up.

 
 
 
 "Winger" is the most-recognized  brand name  of an old  college  (and eventually  high school ) summer stand-by.  It is the grandson of the  field expedient   slingshot , the bastard child of flexible  surgical tubing  and no-harm-done, all-for-laughs water fights.  It is to the  water pistol --or even to the vaunted  SuperSoaker --the  Doomsday Device .   The Equalizer .  Can't picture it?  Picture this: 
 It's a pleasant spring day, the first day warm enough to have your  convertible 's top down.  In front of the library, students spread out on  towel s, some nominally doing homework, most just chatting and laughing.  A few freshmen toss a  frisbee  back and forth.  Their tossing space is quickly eaten up when  Tappa Kegga Bru  shows up and decides that the big flat expanse at the bottom of the hill is part of their pickup football game.  What's a  frosh  to do?  The frisbee game dissipates. 
 The freshmen head back to the three-story dorm, ascend to the roof, and prepare vengeance: a  hamper  full of  water balloon s, and  The Winger .  Two of them stand as tall as they can, hands over their heads, about ten feet apart, each holding one end of the tubing.  The third loads the funnel, and walks backward until his weight can barely compensate for the tension in the tubing.  He holds the narrow end of the funnel tightly.  He eyeballs the range, waits until the teams are nose to nose at  scrimmage , and releases.  A fourth freshman serves as  spotter , binoculars focused on the game.  Four seconds later, almost two blocks away, a bright red  ovoid  shape smacks into a senior's back hard enough to leave a bruise... and then vaporizes, spraying everyone within a meter in a dense mist of water.  The seniors look around the lawn for who threw, but nobody saw. 
 By the third shot, the game has broken up, and the seniors are wandering around the lawn, looking into the distance.  
 It takes another six soaked seniors before one of them sees someone on the roof.  He hollers, and they begin running for the freshman dorms.
 When the angry  posse  arrives on the roof, all that's there are some curiously large wet spots, and thin strips of brightly colored rubber.  One of them kneels to pick up a burst balloon, when he realizes that the splash it's sitting in is too long and narrow to have been dropped from here.  It came from... 
 SMACK!  *pif* 
 So yeah: it's just two pieces of surgical tubing and a plastic funnel for the  seat .  If you can't buy a Winger  off the shelf  from Winger Sports  LTD  ( Arden Hills, MN ), you'll have to make your own--which isn't very hard. 
 Step one is to acquire your tubing and your funnel.  By shortening, lengthening, or doubling the tubing, you can attach it to the funnel at four points instead of two (a good idea, to get a better balance of tension).  For a funnel, pick one with a wide mouth.  Make sure that the inside is smooth (no seams from the  injection molding ) and that the spout is long enough to grab onto.  Knots should be doubled or tripled, and you might even consider a  cotter pin  or similar to ensure that nothing slips loose under tension.  After that, just fill up some balloons and go.  You'll want a  fire team  of at least three, possibly four or five if you want to relocate frequently. 
 The Winger is a toy, but it can also be a serious hazard.  This is not a SuperSoaker; this is not dropping a water balloon from five stories up.  This is home artillery.  This is a  no shit  way to rupture an  eardrum  or blind someone if you make a direct head shot.  This is a way to give someone with a  riot shield  a sore wrist.  I've heard of Wingers putting balloons through car windshields, and I've personally seen people get hit with a balloon  lob bed by a Winger.  There's a  huge  difference between arcing a shot into a crowd so it startles them, and whipping a sphere of rubber-coated high-density  tap water  into something (or God help us, someone) at 100+  mph .  You can fire your Winger at people, and you can fire your Winger at low angles, but don't do both!! 
 
 
 
 John Mayer 's first  major-label  album frequently gets compared to the  Dave Matthews Band 's early albums, especially  Crash  and  Under the Table and Dreaming , both favorably (by those who liked those albums) and unfavorably (by those who feel that  Steve Lillywhite 's "creative assistance" is the pop musical equivalent of the  Borg ).  Who's right?  Well, both sides have valid points.   John Alagia  (the album's producer) did some of the pre-production on those  DMB  albums, so if his sometimes heavy and syrupy touch on the mixing board reminds you of his mentor Steve's ability to turn  anything  into  radio-friendly  pop (or pap), well, he can't be blamed for his roots--this is the  MegaCorp  standard approach with an artist who is untested in the  free market  (not that radio is a free market... but that's another story).   John Mayer  fans should be happy that he's getting a chance to spread his wings and really sell some albums. 
 Just like on  Under the Table and Dreaming , several tracks on  Room for Squares  are  remix es or  electric  versions of songs that John had previously only released as much slimmer acoustic numbers: " No Such Thing ", " 83 ", " My Stupid Mouth ", " Your Body Is a Wonderland ", " Love Song for No One ", and " Back to You " are all new versions, with  John Mayer 's great song outlines colored in with the  pop  crayon of some decent but undistinguished studio artists.  It's John Mayer that comes through, though.  I've heard a few tracks from  Inside Wants Out  and several live and acoustic  MP3 s, and I can't wait until his  producer s give him a little room to run and perhaps put out a more  organic  disc.  And here's why: 
 Room for Squares  is a  pop  masterpiece that every misunderstood and underappreciated teenage girl in  America  will buy.  But I bought it, too, and I listen to it over and over again, for the same reason I  overplayed   Crash ,  Ten Summoner's Tales ,  Weezer 's blue album, and  Full Moon Fever -- it's an awesome, catchy album without a bad song on it.   No amount of name-calling or music-industry-bashing (and I'll be the first to cast my stone!) will make me give up this album.  John's  Sting  influence comes through in some tracks (including an overt reference in " 83 ", one of my favorites).  One (angry, bitter) review I read chastised this album for being full of songs that  Lloyd Dobler  could  blast at Diane's window .  My response: "Yeah?  And what's so bad about playing  Sting  (or was it  The Police ?) for the woman you love?  Lord knows he's better at musical  woo ing than I am, and if he's selling it in a box, then I'm  buying !"  And who  wouldn't  want their music used in a  Cameron Crowe  movie?  Perhaps the line  "I just can't wait for my ten year reunion / I'm gonna bust down the double doors"  invites comparisons with the 80's: the lines calls up  Sting ,  John Cusack ,  John Hughes  movies... and I (for one) happen to dig it.  But I digress. 
 The album is inherently listenable.  No two tracks stick out as the obvious obligatory radio  singles , crammed as an afterthought into someone else's artistic vision for profit; each track gets by on its merits.  Like the best  Sting ,  David Gray , and  Dave Matthews Band  albums,  Room for Squares  is great  make out  music, running the spectrum from  unrequited love  (" Love Song for No One ") to middle-age  angst  (" 83 " and " 3x5 ") to sweaty, very-much-requited lust (" Your Body is a Wonderland ").   Room for Squares  is one of those rare gems: a  pop  album that won't go stale, because under all the slick marketing, there's  real music  there.  If nothing else,  Room for Squares  will get fans out to John Mayer's shows, where he can show off his considerable talents, and build fan support for a simpler, more honest  acoustic  album without the crutches of smooth overproduction--he doesn't need them, and I'd rather see him succeed on his own. 
 
 Room for Squares  -  John Mayer , © 2001  Sony 
 Words & music by  John Mayer  except tracks 1,5, and 9, written by  John Mayer  and  Clay Cook .  Produced by  John Alagia , recorded and mixed in  Easton, MD .   John Mayer 's  A & R  for this album by  Lee Dannay  and  Gregg Latterman . 
 
 
 No Such Thing 
 Why Georgia 
 My Stupid Mouth 
 Your Body is a Wonderland 
 Neon 
 City Love 
 83 
 3x5 
 Love Song for No One 
 Back to You 
 Great Indoors 
 Not Myself 
  ~~ none ~~
 St. Patrick's Day 
 
 
 Why no  track 13 ?  Could be  superstition .  Could be that at age 13,  John Mayer  was given his first tape of  Stevie Ray Vaughan .  I'm leaning towards the superstitious answer myself. 
 
 
 
 The challenge coin (or  RMO  - for "Round Metal Object") is one of the more obscure traditions in the  military .  A challenge coin can be as small as an American  nickel  or as large as a casino chip;  silver  or golden in color, or painted brightly;  milled  or smooth.  Across all versions of the  myth , several facts remain the same: 
 You  always  carry your coin--a soldier's day to day manifest will almost always include a  military  ID,  cash , and an  RMO .
 Your challenge coin will usually have your  unit 's crest on one side, and can be laced with  pictorial  in-jokes like some service academy  class ring s are; the challenge coin is also called the "unit coin" or "unit RMO" for this reason.
 When challenged to produce your coin, the penalty for failure is the purchase of alcoholic beverages for all involved in the challenge.
 If all challenged successfully produce their RMO, the challenger gracefully takes the penalty on him- or herself.
 
 The  rules of engagement  vary as widely as the stories about where the coins come from.  In some circles, simply saying the word " coin " is a challenge.  In others, one must specifically and formally state the challenge: "Sergeant, produce your coin or buy a round of drinks."  " Lieutenant , here is my coin; where is the round of drinks?"  Some prefer unspoken challenges, where the loud  clink  of a coin on the bar is the signal to produce.  In some versions, handing one's coin over is considered a  forfeit , where it may be considered common courtesy elsewhere.  The bottom line about the rules: find out what rules your unit (and more importantly, your  colonel ) plays by as soon as possible after acquiring your coin. 
 But where do you get one?  Well, that's another confused story.  Some  enlisted  associations will sell  RMO s to raise funds for unit activities.  Some units sell them in their  gift shop .  Occasionally, a unit will have several types of coins in  circulation  at the same time: a cheap, publicly available coin, purchased for $5.00 at the gift shop, and the more ornate "Commander's Coin" or "Chief's Coin", given by the commander or chief of a unit for a job well done.  These are usually the normal unit coin painted with enamel paints.  I was personally passed a coin in a  handshake  by a colonel who felt my briefing had contributed to his unit's mission; I didn't realize the coin was being passed, and missed my chance to have a colonel's coin.  Generals will give out their  RMO  on a whim while taking a tour of another unit--sometimes you just need to ask, sometimes it's passed in a handshake, and other times you'll find it on your desk in an envelope the day after the General comes by.  In this manner, the  challenge coin  is positive reinforcement: everyone in a small unit will know who has the Colonel's, Chief's, and General's coins, and they're usually the  role model s. 
 As for the origins, well, nobody makes up  bullshit  like the  military , and due to some  creative license  by unit  historian s throughout the past, the true origins are probably beyond recovery.  I present, in historical order, some of the more prevalent stories about why we carry  RMO s (followed by footnotes explaining why I feel the story is dubious at best): 
 During  World War I , American volunteers filled the newly formed flying squadrons. In one squadron, a wealthy  lieutenant 1  ordered medallions struck in solid bronze carrying the squadron emblem for every member of his squadron. He himself carried his medallion in a small leather sack about his neck.  After he was shot down, taken  POW , and escaped, he had only the leather sack to identify himself to the  French  as  friend or foe --he produced his coin, and was rewarded with their hospitality (instead of a certain death), as well as a bottle of the local vintage when he recovered and was sent home. 
 In  World War I , aviators often carried a handgun into their only-mostly-reliable  biplane s and  triplane s, so that if they crashed, they could defend themselves against a small team of potential captors.  Often, these flyers and their crewmen each had a bullet especially engraved or marked with the unit insignia or abbreviation.  They carried these bullets as a good luck charm, which inevitably found itself as a conversation piece in the English pubs that pilots frequented during and after WWI. The habit of  showing off one's bullet  evolved into slamming the bullet down on the bar, primer end down 2 , in a challenge to a fellow squadron-mate to see who had to buy the next round.  Commanders knew the futility of trying to do away with one of the flyers' favorite off-duty pastimes, so instead they brought the  campaign coin  into being.  The "unit coin" became a new institution. 
 The coin as a unit symbol can be traced to the guerilla force under  General Blackburn , who fought against the Japanese occupation of the  Philippines  during  World War II .  This combined force of  American ,  Filipino ,  British ,  Australian  and other allied nations engaged in classic  guerilla  tactics -- striking hard and disappearing into the jungle before the conventional Japanese forces could react.  In order to make contact between guerilla bands who had never met each other, they adopted the expedient method of filing a one- peso  silver coin clean on the back and stamping their unit emblem into the metal. 3   Upon meeting, the leaders would reach into their pockets, and bring out a handful of change. Among the change would be their unit RMO, thus serving as a  secure and discrete method of identification . 
 In  Vietnam , men who had seen combat joined "Bullet Clubs": informal groups of friends who would challenge each other to produce a bullet to prove that they had seen combat.  The logic was that any man who had seen combat with the  Viet Cong  would always carry a bullet to deny the enemy personal capture.  At some point, things got out of hand 4 , and men began bringing in larger and larger rounds: .50 caliber machine gun rounds, aircraft tracers, and 20-, 40-, and 105- mm  artillery shells.  Clearly, these were not personalized  Coup de Grace  munitions but rather manifestations of  perceived individual prowess in combat , or perhaps  on R & R .  At the height of the Bullet Club's heyday, it was not an uncommon sight to see strewn across a barroom table a very respectable representation of the full range of bullets, rockets, cannon and artillery shells used in Southeast Asia.  As in the above bullet story, good sense--probably in the form of a worried  bartender  or  colonel --stepped in and replaced the bullets with unit coins. 
 
 As you can imagine, there are countless other versions these out there, as well: take your pick. My  color commentary  on the possible validity of these is below, but don't take my word for it.  If you find yourself in the bar with one or more  military  members, ask about their  RMO --you may just get a drink out of it.
 
 I'm indebted to several  public affairs  employees:  soldier s,  sailor s,  marines , and  airmen --who have tried to hunt down the origins of the  RMO  and posted their authoritative stories on the web, some on official government webpages.  None cite sources more than 10 years old, so my  paraphrasing  is probably more paraphrasing of their paraphrasing. 
 
 
1 - Ha!  Everyone knows there's no such thing as a "wealthy lieutenant."  Sounds hokey and contrived, anyway. 
2 - Evolved?  Slamming live ammo on a table sounds like  evolution  in action to me. 
3 - This one sounds plausible, except: what did a lightly armed, fast-moving guerilla force stamp their coins with, a  field expedient  mint? 
4 - I can see this one being true, if only because "things got out of hand" describes most of the  Vietnam War . 
 
 
 
 ...just won't work. 
 It's not really that surprising; I mean, an  ICBM  is defined as a missile with a range in excess of 5,500  km , or a little less than the distance from  Washington, DC  to  London .  Given the absurd distance involved, I don't think any sensible noder would believe that you could  really  make a long-range  solid-fuel rocket  by spending a few hundred bucks at  Home Depot --Ohio Blue Tip matches or not. 
 But what  could  you make? 
 An artillery rocket?  An  SRBM ?  Maybe even a half-decent  sounding rocket ?  Let's find out. 
 Some Physics 
I'm going to do this from an  energy  argument, that being much easier than doing the complicated  fluid dynamics , and given our  jerry rigged  rocket, probably as accurate as any other estimate.  I'm going to make a few  assumptions  to simplify the math even further:
 Ideal earth  - I'm assuming a flat, non-rotating earth with no atmosphere and uniform  gravity .  This means no drag and no re-entry heating.  As long as we don't have a range greater than 1000  km , the flat/round earth assumption won't matter, and the "rotating earth" only adds range to your westbound travel.
 Ideal rocket  - The missile in question will have a 10:1 length:diameter ratio, that being basically ideal (trust me on this--I'm a  rocket scientist ).  I'm going to assume a  massless   nozzle  and a  massless   reentry vehicle , as well as a  perfect  guidance system with frictionless fins.  This is a little excessive, but calculating air resistance is a drag.
 Ideal flight  - An  ICBM  flying the minimum-energy trajectory describes a  Kepler ian  ellipse , which can be approximated as a  parabola .  I'm assuming a  vertical  boost phase, followed by an instantaneous tip-over to 45 o  at the instant before burnout.
 
 So, onward with the math.  First, the basic  energy  physics.  Before launch, all we've got is the inherent  chemical energy  of the  fuel -- 
 E launch  = E chem 
 At burnout, all of the chemical energy has been used up.  The missile now has some  potential energy  from gravity, as well as (hopefully!) a decent amount of  kinetic energy , divided evenly in the  x  and  y  directions.  How much?  We'll get to that.  For now, let's be satisfied that

 E potential  = mgh 
E kinetic  = 1/2*mv 2 
 and 
E burnout  = E potential  + E kinetic 
 where  m  is the mass of the rocket body (no propellant),  v  is the  velocity  of the rocket in  meter s per  second ,  g  is  gravity  (9.8 meters per second squared), and  h  is the altitude of the rocket in meters. 
 At  apogee , the missile will have nothing but gravitational potential and horizontal kinetic energy.  Since horizontal energy is constant throughout the problem (that is, no forces act on the missile in the horizontal direction until impact), we can ignore the horizontal kinetic energy--write it off as an "expense" incurred during the pitch-over maneuver.  Thus, we have 
 E apogee  = mgh 
 Next, we figure out the range.  Velocity in the  x  direction  v x  and velocity in the  y  direction  v y  are equal at burnout, and  v x  stays constant for the rest of the flight, so we know that, after burnout, the range is determined by  time of flight .  Time of flight can be determined by the basic  equations of motion --I won't walk through the  algebra  here: 
 t = v y /g + (2h/g) 1/2 
 ...and because distance = rate * time, we can say that 
 range = v x  * (v y /g + (2h/g) 1/2 )  
 So, let's review!  We now know the missile's range, in terms of its end-of-boost velocity and  apogee  height.  We can determine the  apogee  height from end-of-boost velocity.  All we need to know now is the missile's early performance.  The data we now need are the missile's burn-out altitude and velocity.  To get those, I propose that the following must be known:
 What is the missile's initial (full) and final (empty) mass?
 What is the propellant burn rate?
 What is the  energy density  of  Ohio Blue-Tip  matches?
 
 Some chemistry 
 I am deeply indebted to Dr. Preston of  SUNY Oswego , who published an exercise at  http://www.oswego.edu/~srp/stats/burntime.htm  entitled "Burning Matches," in which he determines that 90% of Ohio Blue tip matches burn for between 55 and 61 seconds.  I suspect his study includes the wooden part of the match burning as well.  As for the chemical composition, the fuel of the reaction is  red phosphorous , and the  oxidizer  is  potassium   chlorate  (KClO 3 ).  Potassium chlorate weighs 1.4  kg / L , red phosphorous about 2.34 kg/L.  Let's assume those wacky chemists at  Ohio Blue Tip  know their stuff, and mix the match-heads at the proper ratio for total combustion.  The chemical equation for the combustion of the two is 5(KClO 3 ) + 6P = 3P 2 O 5  + 5KCl +  heat 
so we'll say that they're mixed 5:6, and the resulting  specific gravity  of the mixture is  1.913 kilograms per liter , or 1,913 kg per cubic  meter .  With some careful math, a few  MSDS s, and after visiting some high school chemistry home pages, I calculated the  energy density  of this mixture as  3.48  kJ / g , or 3480 kilojoules per kilogram.  I have no idea if this is even remotely close to being right. 
 Some rocket science 
 Now, someone decided that  PVC  (polyvinyl chloride) would be the best material for the rocket body.  I won't argue, I'm just going to do the math.  Things get a little bizarre here.  Despite my earlier assumption that we want a 10:1 length-to-diameter ratio, I don't know what diameter to make the missile.  Since we're not limited by  drag  or any of those silly real-world constraints, we'll make this missile diameter as large as the largest standard  PVC  I can find online (please don't  /msg  me telling me you found bigger  PVC  online--the criteria is the biggest PVC  I  could find).  Our missile is now 60 inches (five feet!) in diameter.  This means that it is 50 feet long.  I'm going to convert to meters because the math's prettier, so we now have a missile that is 1.524m in outer diameter, and 15.24m long.  That's big.   PVC  with that outer diameter is 1/2" thick, or .0127 meters thick.  Assuming that the rocket body weight makes nozzle and payload weights insignificant (which, by the way, is a  ludicrous  assumption), and given that  PVC 's density is about 1.6 times that of water, our rocket body's empty weight is about  739 kg .  The inner volume of our fuel is 27.3386 cubic meters, so the fuel, if it fills the  combustion chamber  (yet another flawed assumption!) weighs in at  52,298 kg .  And now that we know the fuel's mass, we know its total chemical potential energy-- 182  million  kilojoules .  This is a lot.  So, some things we now know about our missile that we've wondered about since the beginning: 
 total takeoff mass = 53,037 kg 
E chem  = 182,000  megajoule s 
 Unfortunately, if you use a straight energy argument on this last figure, the rocket ends up outside of earth's gravitational pull, and well on its way to  Mars --clearly the losses we've ignored are significant.  The last thing we need, then, is the burn time.  I'm going to use the good Professor's data for burn time, and assume a linear burn rate ( this is such a bad assumption that it reduces any answer I get to a pleasant fiction ).  For the sake of round numbers, we'll say that "between 55 and 61 seconds" is actually 60 seconds.  That means we're burning 871.6 kg of propellant per second, and developing 3,033 megajoules per second (3.033  gigawatt s!)  If the motor develops a thrust of about 400 kN, then it will be going roughly 1,131 m/s at burnout, and at an  altitude  of about 10 km--I got this using the  Stradivarius constant  and some basic  integral s.  We've assumed a 45 o  inclination at  burnout , so  kinetic energy  in the vertical direction is equal to potential energy at  apogee ... 
 1/2 * mass empty  * {( sin  45 o ) * (1,131 m/s)} 2  = mass empty  * g * h coast 
h coast  = 32,588 meters 
h burnout  = 9,972 meters 
apogee = h burnout  + h coast  = 42,560 meters 
 The home stretch 
 Alright, so now I've calculated everything we need to get our range.  From above, we have  range = v x  * (v y /g + (2h/g) 1/2 ) giving us an effective range of 
 139.76 kilometers 
 
 So, despite our best efforts, spending a few thousand bucks at  Home Depot , we have learned the following: 
 You can't make an  ICBM --in the strictest sense--from  PVC  and  matchstick s.  
 Losses from air resistance, inefficient engines, and payload mass are  not   trivial .
 If you live in  Rehoboth Beach, DE , you can send a  massless  payload to  Baltimore, MD  in about 5 minutes.
 
 
 Disclaimer : I won't be held responsible for your stupidity.  If you actually go out to  Home Depot  or any other store and try to build this, you'll find that you're building a  pipe bomb , and not a rocket.   If you manage to find a  lathe  and some high-quality composites to make a  nozzle  from, and actually get something approaching a rocket, your propellant will not burn linearly.  You will almost certainly suffer a case burst very shortly after takeoff.   This means you'll be building an unstable flying pipe bomb.  Furthermore, some of the math I did was entirely  back of the envelope , especially the important  rocket science  stuff.  The energy contained in that volume of matchstick heads will do more than singe your eyebrows off buddy, boy howdy won't it, I don't care if you use the best matches ever made in the great state of  Ohio .  I'm a real live  rocket scientist , just you ask  Kenata , I know what the hell I'm about.   And even if you get a really strong case made of the right PVC, and slap fins on it, and put a small payload on it, and the guidance system is totally  1337  and runs  Linux  on a pocket calculator, and you fill the case up with matchstick heads, 
 it will still probably kill you before it ever leaves the ground. 
 
 
 
 After the last operatic notes of  Tonight is the Night I Fell Asleep at the Wheel  fade out, leave the  Barenaked Ladies ' 2000 album  Maroon  playing.  Ghostly piano fades in, like footsteps at the end of a hall, and the quiet singing starts.  Given its spooky positioning after a song about death--and dying happy--it's hard to believe that this song could be about anything but the  soul .  What does it say?  Not much; BNL were right to make this a bonus track.  It has a simple--but pleasant--tune, simple and pleasant lyrics, and a wistful, quiet feeling that makes it a good ending to  Maroon , or to any  mix tape  you make.
 
 lyrics: 
 
 
Suddenly  things become unsound , 
stumbling upon  the shaky ground . 
 Given arrows  to shoot tornadoes down, 
 shoot them down  to the ground. 
 
Saw a  falling leaf , for  good luck  jumped to grab:  
much to our surprise, a  butterfly . 
Then it sunk in, this  injuration -- 
 injuration  in our lives: 
 
 a hidden sun that burns and burns 
and  never does any harm to anyone . 
 
 Shivering madly in the dark , 
like an  animal  abandoned in the car park... 
and then  she held me , and then she showed me the 
 beauty of ... the human heart : 
 
 hidden sun that burns and burns 
and never does any harm to anyone. 
A  hidden sun  that burns and burns 
but never does any harm to anyone. 
 
 ...anyone... 
 
 oh, anyone 
 
 a hidden sun 
 
 oooh, a  hidden sun ... 
 
 
 
 This is a  Phish  mini-masterpiece in the tradition of  The Mango Song , first recorded on  A Live One ,  Phish 's first commercially-available live album.  It celebrates the glory of (among other things)  cymbals ,  be-bop ,  skyscraper s, and the  saxophone , but most of all, it celebrates music that is  simple .   Phish , despite their incessant  noodling  and adventurous (to say the least) chord progressions, know the beauty of a simple three-chord song written in  4/4 .  An  a cappella  ending in almost all live performances, some  jalapeno  guitar licks right as the song is at its loudest and simplest (because  Trey Anastasio  is addicted to noodles), and occasionally a horn section are all reasons to catch this one live, or on  CD . 
 Lyrics: 
 
We've got it simple, 'cause we've got  a band , 
and we've got  cymbals  in the band. 
We've got it simple, 'cause we've got  a band , 
and we've got  symbol s in the band. 
What is  a band without cymbals ?    
Oooooooh, Cymbals are grand! 
 
We've got a saxophone, 'cause we've got  a band , 
and we've got saxophone in the band. 
We've got a saxophone, 'cause we've got  a band , 
and we've got saxophone in the band. 
What is  a band without saxophone ? 
Oooooooh, Saxophone is grand! 
 
 Cymbals  and  saxophone , 
 Saxophone  and  cymbals , 
 Cymbals  and  saxophone , 
 Saxophone  and  cymbals . 
 
We've got  bebop , 'cause we've got  a band , 
and we play bebop in the band. 
 (Here's where every member of the band simultaneously does a 5-beat  fill , sprays butane from their soul, lights it, and goes back to playing a vanilla song again.) 
 
We've got  skyscraper , and it sings  a pretty tune , 
and every band needs skyscrapers, too! 
What is  a band without skyscraper ? 
Oooooooh,  skyscraper is grand ! 
 
 
Cym-bop and be-baphone, 
skyballs and sax-scrapers. 
Cym-bop and be-baphone, 
skyballs and sax-scrapers. 
Cym-bop and be-baphone, 
skyballs and sax-scrapers. 
Cym-bop and be-baphone, 
skyballs and sax-scrapers. 
 -=* jam *=- 
...and then,  a cappella , gradually  decrescendo : 
Cym-bop and be-baphone, 
skyballs and sax-scrapers. 
 
Cym-bop and be-baphone, 
skyballs and sax-scrapers. 
 
Cym-bop and be-baphone, 
skyballs and sax-scrapers. 
 
Cym-bop and be-baphone, 
skyballs and sax-scrapers. 
ifyoucan read thisyou're 
boundtobe going blindsoon. 
 
 
 
 The  Ford   Galaxie  was a clone of the  Ford Fairlane , born in an awkward time.  It was first built in 1959, at the end of the " classic " car era (think of a '57  Chevy   Bel Air ), and just as the  white trash  muscle cars like the  Chevrolet   Impala  (itself a Bel Air variant) were coming on the scene.  Then, more so than today, improvements between years were drastic: each year or two, you'd see the lines of  your favorite model  change suddenly, or the engine would be all-new, or parts that had been steel would be changed to  aluminum .  It looked like a  drive-in ,  malt shop ,  poodle skirt  car, but it had a real engine under the hood. 
 Is this the place that  I  want to be? Is it you who I want to see? 
 Holding on , hold it high,  show me everything ... 
And you're leaving me, yeah you're leaving me, 
you're leaving me with a hated identity! 
 By 1960, it was already clear what some of the mistakes in the original  Galaxie  had been: it was trying to be too much to too many people.  Now that they were beyond the classic car era, Ford re-styled it to fit the new " muscle car " fad.  It was longer, wider, heavier, and was available with a big badass 352 Super  V-8  engine.  It was, in fact, an inch and a half wider (81.5") than the  Federal  Highway Standards allowed.  1961 and 1962 Galaxies added and modified the fins on earlier models, and offered still larger engines--up to a 406 V-8 called the " Thunderbird " (despite its inavailability in any of  Ford 's T-birds).  More power, new lines, and a focus on  luxury  characterized the early 60's Galaxies. 
 
But I keep on a comin' here and standing in  this state , 
And I'm never really sure if you'll take what I'm saying the right way. 
But I'm not appalled or afraid: verbal  pocket play 
Is as discreet as I can muster up to be... 
 1963's Galaxie was a classic when it rolled off the line, and "1963-and-a-half" Galaxies are even more cherished.  The  modular  design allowed the buyer to get almost any of  Ford 's many engines installed, and the narrower body let the engines do their stuff with relatively little impedance.   Torque  and  horsepower  junkies snapped up the optional 427 dual 4-barrel  carb  with 425  HP  with good reason: it won 23 Grand National  NASCAR  races, and all 5 top places at  Daytona -- and this was back before  NASCAR  was the  WWF  on wheels.  50 Galaxies from this year-group were built with special lightweight features for competition and  street racing , making the 4,000-lb. Galaxie a slightly leaner and meaner competitor outside the long oval track.  1964's models were lighter, more powerful, and considered by many to be the  sexiest Galaxies ever made .  As much as they gush, and despite  Shannon Hoon 's protests, I really don't see a giant difference between it and the 1963  Cadillac   El Dorado .  But then, it could be me. 
 ...because the  Cadillac  that's sittin' in the back, 
 it isn't me  -- Oh, no, no, no it isn't me, 
I'm more at home in my  Galaxie !   
 1964 and 1965 saw the transition from side-by-side headlights to  stacked headlights , and although the car kept getting lighter, the engine was still big, powerful, and heavy as hell.  The lines went from somewhat curved and elongated to an angular  shark -like shape, and 1965's model was much wider than 1964.  In 1966, the Galaxie reached a shape that I consider to be the most attractive: a slender back reminiscent of the  Mustang s I love from the same era, swept-back  windshield , and the long flat body I'd expect from a car that I wanted to take across the country.  It was the last of the 427 " muscle " Fords, as performance and (gasp!)  mileage  began to concern American car buyers. 
 Can I do  the things I wanna do 
that I don't do because of you? 
And I'll take a  left  
and I'll  second guess 
into total mess... 
 Unfortunately, the end of the  muscle car  era was the beginning of the end for the  Galaxie .  In 1967, the  Galaxie  tried to change its stripes.  It was a muscle car, but it tried to be a Ford Fairlane again with new luxury options and more conservative stylings.  It sold well, but not as well as it had.  In 1967,  Shannon Hoon , lead singer of  Blind Melon , was born.  In 1968, Ford stopped offering the 427 V-8 in the Galaxie... and nobody cared.  In 1969, man landed on the moon, and the Galaxie got even heavier as it tried to combine  hot rod  feel with  luxury -car appeal; the passenger room was unsurpassed.  The  Apollo 11  lunar module weighed as much as seven Galaxies from the same year, and only seated two. 
 ...and you're leaving  me , 
and you're leaving  me , 
you're leaving me with a hated identity. 
 
 Like  Elvis Presley , the sleek and powerful Galaxie was getting overweight and rhinestone-studded in the early 70s.  Maybe it was the  cocaine , the focus on  luxury  over performance, the sudden popularity of  land yacht s... as the Galaxie got bigger and was marketed towards  the family guy  instead of the rip-roaring bachelor, it became less of a car and more of a  tank .  The focus was on safety, on a quiet ride (and therefore a smaller engine), and on comfort for the many passengers.  By 1972, the Galaxie had mutated from a  racecar  into a Ford that was  as big as a whale .  No Ford Galaxies were produced in 1972.   Shannon Hoon  turned 4, and  rock and roll  was being re-written by  Led Zeppelin , the  Rolling Stones , and bands that gave up that luxury car feeling for muscle-car sound. 
 
 No  no  no  no it isn't me! 
No  no  no  no  it isn't me! 
No it isn't me, 
in my Galaxie! 
 In 1995,  Blind Melon  released " Soup ."  The opening track, " Galaxie ," became the album's second hit single, travelling to #8 on the  Billboard  charts. Two years later,  Shannon Hoon  died of a concaine overdose while on tour. In 1995, a  Galaxie  would have sold for between $5,000 and $10,000, assuming it was in good condition; in 1995, that would have bought between 20 and 50 weeks' worth of  cocaine  for the average user. 
 
 thanks to:  Galaxie  enthusiasts across the web,  Blind Melon  fans, and the Office of National Drug Control Policy's report on street prices of illegal drugs. 
 
 
 
(yinz`)  or  (yuns`)  n.  -  slang  the  second person  plural, "you guys", "you all",  etc. 
 "Yins" is the  second person   plural , mutated by local usage from (probably  Scottish ) immigrant dialect.  It's a compression of " ye  ones" or "you ones," much like the American " y'all " comes from "you all".  The possessive is "yinses" -- as in "Are dese  Stillers  tickets mine, or are dey yinses?" 
 I've heard "yins" used by my Western Pennsylvanian relatives, and every time I visit  Pittsburgh  or any cities in its vicinity--occasionally it surfaces as far away as  Cleveland , where the locals include many Pittsburgh transplants.  "Yins" and "yins guys" have a certain local pride attached to them--they mean the same thing to  Pittsburgh ers that " y'all " means to someone from  the South , and that " youse " and "youse guys" mean to someone from  New Jersey ; far from being a mark of shameful or "wrong"  English , it's a badge of local pride. 
 I've heard--but not verified--that "yins" is also used in the  U.P.  of  Michigan  and other states primarily settled by  German s or  Scot s.  I've even heard the word "yunser" or "yinser" used to mean "a person who speaks in the  Pittsburgh  dialect."  Likewise, I've seen it spelled (most commonly) " yuns " or (rarely) " yen s". 
 
 
 
 The Three Rivers Stadium was the home field for both the  Pittsburgh Pirates  and the  Pittsburgh Steelers  from  1970  to  2000 .  Like pretty much anything else near  Pittsburgh, PA  called " Three Rivers ", it gets its name from the intersection of the  Allegheny River  and the  Monongahela River ; they join and form the  Ohio River .  The confluence of the rivers inspired former  Allegheny County  Recorder of Deeds Bernard Flynn to submit the name to a local newspaper in May 1968. 
 By the late 1950s, the former Steelers' home,  Forbes Field , was falling apart, and from 1964 to 1969, the Steelers played at the  University of Pittsburgh 's Pitt Field while legal issues plagued the construction of a new stadium.  Three Rivers was built as a replacement for  Forbes Field  by Deeter Ritchy Sipple, Michael Baker, Jr. and Osborn Engineering at a cost of $55  million .  Construction began on April 25,  1968  and the stadium opened on July 16,  1970 .   It seated 59,000  yellow-towel-waving  Steelers fans and 47,971 Pirates fans (not at the same time).  It was always an  artificial turf  stadium, replacing its original coat of  Tartanturf  with the more well-known  Astroturf  in  1983 . 
 Baseball and football history were made in Three Rivers Stadium.  In  1971 , it was home to the first  no-hitter  ever pitched against the Pirates as well as the first  World Series  game to be played at night.  In  1976 ,  John Candelaria  pitched the Pirates' first ever no-hitter in Pittsburgh.  In  1972 ,  Franco Harris  made the  Immaculate Reception  ( Terry Bradshaw  threw the pass) giving the Steelers their first ever playoff win. 
 On  February 11, 2001 , it was demolished by  Controlled Demolitions, Inc.  of Baltimore and has since been replaced by  Heinz Field  for the Steelers and  PNC Park  for the Pirates.
 
 
 
 "You smell that? Do you smell that?  Napalm , son. Nothing else in the world smells like that.  I love the smell of napalm in the morning . You know, one time we had a hill bombed, for twelve hours. When it was all over I walked up. We didn't find one of 'em, not one stinkin'  dink  body. The smell, you know that  gasoline  smell, the whole hill. Smelled like - victory." 
 LTC William Kilgore ,  Apocalypse Now 
 
 Louis F. Fieser was best known for his research at  Harvard University  in  organic chemistry  which led to the  synthesis  of the hormone  cortisone .  He was slightly less known for his 1942 discovery: that  aluminum   naphthenate  and aluminum  palmitate  made ideal thickeners for  gasoline  and other  volatile  hydrocarbons.  As part of the war effort, Fieser helped the government design a thick, syrupy incendiary that was safer for friendly troops than gasoline.  The two thickening compounds lent parts of their names to a space-age-sounding compound known as "napalm," which was first used in  World War II , but later and more famously in  Korea  and  Vietnam .  "Napalm" is now used to mean any  gasoline -based  incendiary  weapon with or without the original thickeners; newer additives include  polystyrene ,  benzene , and other gelling agents.  "Napalm B" (any napalm after WWII) was gasoline, polystyrene, benzene, and in some cases white  phosphorous .  From 1965 to 1969,  Dow Chemical  Corporation made Napalm for the  U.S. military . 
 The original intent of napalm was an  incendiary  weapon which could be stored safely and deployed with minimal fuss for maximum damage.  It was highly stable, tolerating temperatures from 150 o  F to -40 o  F, and thick enough that it was not easily dispersed by explosives.  Deployed in a  flamethrower  or  flame tank , napalm extended the range of formerly gasoline-based flame weapons from 30 yards to 150 yards... a football field and a half!  Deployed from overhead in 165  gallon  containers, a drum of napalm needed to be ignited with  TNT  or  thermite , but once burning, very little could put out a  napalm  fire short of total combustion.  In  Vietnam ,  napalm  was also used in  land mine s.  A  55 gallon drum  of  napalm  and a block of  C4  would be connected to the trigger mechanism of a  claymore mine , and upon activation, burning napalm would be sprayed for about a 50 meter radius.  Because of its high burning temperature and tenacity, napalm was employed against pretty much every kind of target: vehicles, villages, cities, people, and trees... 
 In addition to serving as an  defoliant , it's also an excruciatingly painful and often fatal  exfoliant .  A well-known  Army  marching song includes in its chorus the line " Napalm sticks to kids !"  Images of napalm igniting in jungles, in villages, and on the people of  Vietnam  are still cultural icons of the  1970 s.  It is routinely cited along with  Agent Orange  as an example of American  apathy  to the cruelty of modern weapons.  Napalm burns at over 5000 o  F, sticks to skin and clothing, and consumes oxygen quickly enough to  asphyxiate  victims near the flames but not engulfed in them.  When dropped on secure bunkers, the ambient heat from napalm was enough to bake and  dehydrate  German WWII soldiers, giving rise to the  German  word "Bombenbrandschrumpfleichen," meaning "firebomb shrunken flesh".  Napalm's hot-button reputation and America's changing  doctrine  made napalm obsolete after  Vietnam . 
 On  April 4, 2001 , in a low-key ceremony at Fallbrook Naval Weapons Station, the U.S.  military  sent their last two existing canisters of  napalm  to be burned as additives at coal and natural gas plants in  Texas  and  Louisiana .
 
 
 
 Wentworth and Flexner's  Dictionary of American Slang  lists "bozo" as:  A  man ,  fellow ,  guy ; esp. a large, rough man or one with more brawn than brains. 1934: "Drive the heap, bozo" -- Chandler,  Finger Man . From  Spanish  dialect "boso" (from " vosotros ") -  you (pl.)  which resembles a direct address." 
 For those not fluent in  Spanish , " vosotros " is pronounced (approximately) "Bozotrose," and means basically the same thing as the  American  Southern " y'all ".  Other sources (Webster's, various versions) list it as coming from the Spanish " bozal ," meaning "fellow."  A cute  pun , if true; that would make a "bozo" not only a dude, fellow, or whatever, but also " y'all " in its singular. 
 Those familiar with  Firesign Theatre  will probably know their definition, as well; to be a  Bozo  is to participate in one of  the Five Lifestyles of Man .  Here, excerpted from the same, is  their  (clearly superior?) definition of a "bozo": 
 B.O.Z.O. is the  Brotherhood of Zips and Others . Bozos are people who band together  for fun and profit . They have no jobs. Anybody who goes on a tour is a Bozo. Why does a Bozo cross the street? Because there's a Bozo on the other side. It comes from the phrase  vosotros , meaning others. They're the huge, fat, middle waist. The archetype is an  Irish  drunk clown with  red hair  and nose, and pale skin.   Fields ,  William Bendix . Everybody tends to drift towards Bozoness. It has  Oz  in it.   They mean well . They're straight-looking except they've got inflatable shoes. They like their comforts. The Bozos have learned to enjoy their  free time , which is all the time. 
 Clearly a  backronym  with a bit of  artistic license , and a little bit more  stereotype  than productive discourse... but then, if you can't joke about the meaning of  Bozo , what can you joke about? 
 
 
 
 As I drove through  Marblehead, OH  last weekend, I saw a sign in front of a closed-down restaurant:  CITY CHICKEN -  EPA  APPROVED .  The restaurant was closed, and I was looking for  brunch , not dinner, so I didn't stop.  And really, I don't think you could have paid me to eat at a place that advertises their food as approved by the  EPA .  I mean, if you advertise that, it implies that  something  at some point was  not  EPA approved.  That worries me. 
 So here's the question that was burning in my mind: is a city chicken a  pigeon ?  A  rat ?  So many meats are said to " taste like chicken " that it's a sure bet that "city chicken" isn't chicken at all--but what do they substitute?  And why must the  EPA  approve it?  Well, when I looked the  recipe  up on  google , I discovered some  good news , and some  bad news : city chicken is  veal .  Or  pork .  Or  stew   beef .  Or whatever other meat you can use that has lots of fat and can be cubed.  It's fried up in a batter I recognized from a recipe for  chicken-fried steak . 
 Various sources listed it as  Polish ,  Russian , and  German  in origin, but also called it a  coal miner  recipe.  The  coal  towns of  Pennsylvania ,  Ohio ,  Michigan , and more were almost exclusively populated by immigrants from those ethnic groups.  Another source claimed the name came from when  chicken  was very expensive to ship (before refrigerated rail cars), and so city restaurants would make " faux  chicken" or pass off their  mystery meat  as "city chicken."  Given the fact that Marblehead was packed with  Byzantine   Catholic  and  Orthodox  churches, and the names on almost every business were  Slavic  or  Teutonic  in origin, I figure the real story is somewhere in the middle.  The recipe calls for the meat to be  glob bed onto a skewer so that it resembles a  drumstick , further adding to the confusion--it is clearly meant to pass for chicken... but why?  Enjoy this recipe while pondering the questions of its origin. 
 
 1  egg , beaten
 1  c.   milk  or cream
 bread crumbs or crushed  saltine s
 salt  and  pepper 
 1 pound  meat  -  veal , cubed  beef ,  pork , etc. - most recipes suggest mixing 1/2 pound of veal with 1/2 pound pork.
 large-diameter skewers or cleaned 1/2" dowel rod (false drumsticks)
 
 Heat 1" of cooking oil over a medium-high flame in a frying pan or skillet.  Heat oven to 350 o   F .  Thread meat onto skewers to imitate a  chicken  drumstick, then dip skewers in egg and then bread crumbs & spices.   Saute  until golden brown in oil, then place in a baking pan with milk or cream. Cover in foil and bake about 1 hour. 
 Other versions of this recipe call for using  corn flake s, corn starch, and all manner of other spices; take your favorite frying batter recipe and try it out here. 
 
 ... and I still don't know why it needed to be  EPA  approved... 
 
 
 
 Disclaimer: I work for the  U.S. Air Force , and am inclined to disbelieve any  statistics  which make us look bad.  I had a thorough and rational discussion with  tripitaka  on this when he posted the above.  Please don't  upvote  or  downvote  these nodes for their  political  content--as tripitaka himself put it, " Jingoism  bad!  Informed debate good!"  I hope my opposing view will be taken as informed debate, and not  jingo ism. 
 
 It's been almost 2 weeks since this node went up, and several months since the report mentioned therein was written.  Given the time-critical nature of the topic, I think I can forgive  the Professor  a few mistakes.  However, in today's  Philadelphia Inquirer , and throughout the  Associated Press , a report was published which casts more than a little doubt on his findings.  A reporter named Laura King is cited as the author, but she is apparently not the one doing the counting; her article refers again and again to "the  AP " and " AP  reporters in  Afghanistan ," without listing names.  It's a good guess that she's at the  home office  writing the summary for the benefit of the public.  The title of her article is "Civilian Toll in Afghan War Likely Lower." 
 I won't  cut and paste  her work here, but I will give you a few sound bites in a paragraph or two.  First, the reason: sources, sources, sources.  Prof. Herold's study used  Taliban  reports among its sources, and although he went with a lower total  where available , many times the  Taliban  report would be the only one available, adding bodies to his  body count  without any  second opinion . 
 AP reporters interviewed family members who were unavailable for comment when the bombing took place.  They also interviewed local officials and reporters who were responsible for sending out dispatches about the bombing.   Mohammed Ismail, then a Bakhtar reporter (...) told  AP  that in a typical instance, he went to the scene of an air strike (...) and saw eight bodies.  "But it was changed in our dispatch to 20," he said. When he heard the report on Taliban-run radio, the figure had risen to 30, he said. 
 Bakhtar journalists were also ordered by the  Taliban  to report  military  deaths as civilian ones.  In late October, journalist Younis Mihireen was sent to report on a bombing in which 60  Taliban  fighters died.  In his words, "there were no civilians anywhere nearby, and I reported this.  But the dispatch said (they) were civilians." 
 For one quick comparison of the  AP  reporting to Prof. Herold's, let's look at  October 11, 2001 .  The  Taliban  took journalists to the site of a bombing.  They claimed 200 deaths.  In Prof. Herold's report, he lists 160 as the lowest estimate available.   AP  reporters saw, in Laura King's words, "35 graves."  Villagers told them that 20 more had been taken to ancestral burial sites.  The  AP  tally was, therefore, 55. 
 The  Associated Press  has a lot to gain from reporting lower casualties: if  Afghanistan  is viewed as a "just" war, and the perception exists that America "won", then America's economy will likely bounce back, and all of the news organizations will be able to sell advertising.  Action in  Iraq  could be forthcoming, and that will sell lots of papers.  To be fair, the  AP  states that their count of 500-600 will probably continue to grow.  They have a lot to gain if you blindly accept their numbers.  All the same, they take the time to list other possible sources.
 The Project on Defense Alternatives  is a  think tank  in  Cambridge, MA .  Their estimate was 1,000-1,300, based on "selected  Western  media," and completely discounting reports based on  Taliban  figures.  This  think tank --from what I can gather from their web site--is left-leaning.  They argue for a smaller, better  military , and more well-thought-out political decisions.  If a  liberal  think tank has numbers that are 3 times lower than his, perhaps Professor Herold should take a closer look at his sources. 
 Professor Mark Herold is a professor in  economics  and the department of  women's studies .  I'm in  military intelligence  (go ahead, laugh). I don't routinely publish papers on  economic  theory or on  women's liberation ;  Until I do, I'd like to ask him to show field  journalist s and my co-workers in the  military  the same courtesy.
 
 
 
 Originally published as "How  Neal  Got His First Pair Of Boots" in  Humpty Dumpty's Magazine , this delightful children's story is by  John Lyle Shimek .  Not surprisingly, it deals with how Neal gets his first pair of boots.  It appears under its current ( spoiler -free) title in "Sunny and  Gay ", a compilation published in  1960  (2nd  hardcover  edition  1964 ,  LOC  number 60-12936) as the first in their series "The Best of Children's Literature" (a title which turns out to be less of a  spoiler  than some  wishful thinking  or good  advertising ). 
 I found the book while waiting to eat brunch with some Columbus  Everythingian s at  the Starliner Diner , and replying to my  earnest  and probably-insane-sounding queries about the book's cost, the waiter told me I could have it.  I was so impressed!  Anyhow, for your reading enjoyment, here's the original story,  sans  illustrations. 
 
 Neal  was a little cowboy who wanted to be like  big cowboys .  He wanted to do what big cowboys do.  He wanted to have something that all big cowboys have. 
"All the big cowboys have  boot s, and I want boots, too," Neal said. 
 Neal wanted some cowboy boots.  Over and over he said, "Father, when may I have  cowboy boots ?" 
 Father said, "Cowboy boots are got cowboys who have cows.  When you have a cow, you may have some  cowboy boots ." 
 Neal said, "I do not have a cow, but I have a good little pony.  I do not have cowboy boots, but I can ride like a cowboy." 
 One day when Neal went for a ride on his pony, he saw something.  Neal looked and looked.  "What is that?" he thought.  He and his pony went to find out.  What Neal saw was a little calf.  The calf went "M-a-a, m-a-a, m-a-a."  It wanted some help.  Neal said, "I can not help you, but Father can.  I know where he is at work.  He will stop his work and come back with me to get you." Neal went to find his father.  His pony ran fast. 
 Neal and his father went back to get the little calf.  Neal went on his pony.  Father went on his big horse.  Father looked at the calf and said, "She wants something to eat.  I will put her on my horse with me, and we will take her home." 
 The calf went, "M-a-a, m-a-a." 
 "Neal, it is good that you found the calf when you did," said Father. 
 Neal and his father went home with the little calf.  Neal gave the little calf something to eat.  He made a friend of the calf.  Father looked at the little calf, and he looked at Neal.  Then he said something that made Neal a happy little cowboy. 
 Father said, "You found the calf, Neal, so she is yours."  Neal was so happy that he  jumped up and down . 
 "Now I have a cow!" he said.  "Now I can have cowboy boots!" 
 Father laughed and laughed.  "Yes, you have a cow," said Father. "The calf is a very little cow, so you may have very little boots.  I will get some cowboy boots for you  when I go to the store ." 
 Father jumped on his horse and went to the store.  He found some cowboy boots for Neal.  Neal put on the boots and  jumped up and down and around and around. 
 He was very happy about the boots.  He was very happy about his cow. 
 The other cowboys looked at Neal with his calf and his new boots.  "Look at Neal," they said.  "He has a cow and some cowboy boots.  He is a big cowboy now." 
 fin. 
 
 I have no idea whether this story is associated with the actual  CowboyNeal  of  slashdot  fame, or if it somehow shaped his youth.  No assumptions should be made on this count, unless you know more about his taste in footwear than I. 
 
 
 
 The Spoon Game is a  rite of passage , a  con , a  prank , and a  blood sport  all at once.  To play The  Spoon  Game, you will need: 
 3 metal spoons, preferably  tablespoon  size or larger.  These must all be metal, and virtually identical.
 A  semi-public area  with  high traffic .  Your goal should be to draw a crowd larger than just the instigators.  At  St. Andrew's , the hallways of the junior boys'  dorm s were perfect.
 A small "seed" crowd of at least three or four.  The ability to  bullshit  convincingly, or a reputation for being a  trendsetter  is highly valued.
 "The Champ" - you can play this two ways:  the champ  can be a large, burly guy, or the prettiest, daintiest,  cute st girl in the crowd.  The Spoon Game is a typically male pursuit, so girls make great  bait .  
 "The Challenger" - someone who can  feign  serious pain.  If your Champ is a girl, make this the biggest, burliest guy in the group.  If your Champ is big and burly, make this a smaller guy.  You may need more than one  challenger , so have an  understudy  prepared.
 "The Complete and Utter Rat Bastard" - fast hands and expressive eyes help, plus  charisma .  The ability to  pressure  the rest of the crowd to cheer for whomever he selects with raised eyebrows and a knowing smile is a must.  This is your  m.c. , your  ringleader , and an utter  rat bastard .
  Some  money  (optional!!) -  If you play The Spoon Game for money, you are a complete prick, and you'd better be prepared to relinquish your winnings or suffer the consequences when your  mark  finds out what you've done.
 "The Mark" -  sucker ,  stooge ,  fish ,  dummy ,  goat ... there are hundreds of words for this poor unfortunate individual, and when The Spoon Game is over, there will probably be a few more.  Make sure he's not around when you do the setup, and make sure he is around when it comes time to make your move.
 
 The Set-Up 
 The Champ and The Challenger face each other  on hands and knees  with spoons clenched straight out between their teeth, as though each were carrying an egg in the spoon.  To an onlooker, it may appear to be a  bizarre  form of  fencing .  The crowd mills around, cheering for one or both; since The Challenger is the  underdog  here, most will be cheering for him. 
 An  innocent bystander  comes along, and stops to see what's going on.  Believe me, they'll ask someone--"What's up?" 
" Bart  is just kicking  Chad 's ass." 1 
"What?" 
 "Watch his technique.  See those neck muscles?  He used to be a  headbanger  in  the eighties , and damn, did it pay off."  At this point, Bart (The Champ) lets loose a  bestial  growl and snaps his head forward, causing his spoon to impact on top of Chad's head.  Chad  grimace s and  curses , spoon still clenched between his teeth.  Chad shakes it off, winds up, and retalitates with his spoon on Bart's head. 
"See that?  Chad's losing steam.  Any second now, he's gonna drop his spoon, and the game will be over." 
 And the bystander is sucked in. 
 Enter The Sucker 
 A crowd has gathered, the cheering is loud and  raucous .  If enough time has gone by, "The Challenger" has almost certainly lost and been replaced by another of  the in crowd , although two good players can keep the suspense of a match up by creating highs and lows in the action, where  Chad  almost brings it back together, or where  Bart   misses  one of his swings, and Chad has a chance to recover... play this one by ear, but keep the crowd together.  The Complete and Utter Rat Bastard might even want to send an  innocent bystander --not one of your original crowd--to go get the mark: "He's been waiting to see Bart lose for  weeks !" or "You know how he feels about  Ashley !  He'd kill to see her win."  Never mind that the mark hasn't ever heard of this game.  The messenger will almost certainly botch the message, and your mark  will  show up. 
 "Hey,  J.R. !  Welcome to  The Spoon Game !" says The Complete and Utter Rat Bastard.   J.R.  smiles awkwardly and approaches to see what's going on.  "Bart's just about to win!  You've gotta take him down, the rest of us have already lost." 
"I don't know how to play The Spoon Game," J.R. confesses. 
"Oh, it's easy!  Watch, they just take turns  whaling  on each other's head with the spoons.  You'd get first hit if you played.  Come on, didn't you used to play ( insert  sport  or  musical instrument  here )?" 
"Yeah, but what--" 
"Then your ( back/neck/teeth/jaw/tongue/whatever ) are going to be so much more developed that his!   You're the only one who can take him !" 
 At this point, it is the job of The Complete and Utter Rat Bastard to get The Mark to play.  Those members of your crowd who know the secret should also pressure him to play.  Those who don't may volunteer to step in; use them as comparative  fodder  to boost The Mark's  ego : "No way, you don't have the ________ skills that he does!" 
 
 When The  Mark  puts the spoon between his teeth and crouches face-to-face with the Champ, it's time to unveil 
 The Twist 
 The Mark takes his best shot at the Champ, as promised.  The Champ--who until now appeared  invincible --whimpers, squeals, or whines in pain.  Your Mark needs to believe that he, in a stroke of  Beginner's Luck , has discovered that he has the Spoon-Fu of a seasoned  veteran , due to his having played ( whatever ) back in the day.  This guarantees that, no matter what, he'll stand in and  suck it up  for the next part, the best part, where you finally get to unveil what a Complete and Utter Rat Bastard you have among you. 
 The Complete and Utter Rat Bastard stands behind The Mark, and takes the third spoon out--that's right, the third spoon.  Remember, I said you needed three?  As The Champ winds up for his first shot, he lifts his head, swings down, and completely on purpose, misses.  He can tilt the spoon up toward the vertical so that it never even comes close, but it needs to look real, because
 THWACK! 
 as the spoon misses his head, The Complete and Utter Rat Bastard  nails  the Mark's forehead with the third spoon.  The crowd will go wild.  If the Mark doesn't drop his spoon right then and there, he's  hooked . 
 At this point, the  con  is blown for everyone in the crowd, so milk it for what it's worth.  Get them to cheer for the Mark, to mumble disapprovingly at The Champ's " lucky " shots, to wince and holler at The Mark's  latent  skills.  Keep him in the game as long as you can. 
 If you're playing for money, be prepared to pay it all back when someone in the crowd tips him off.  If not, you can let The Mark down easy, or even bring him in on the joke by letting any new  innocent bystander  who shows up take his place.
 The Spoon Game is worth a ton of laughs, but clearly at someone else's expense; make sure that your mark is a  good sport  about it, or drunk enough that he doesn't care. 
 
 names changed to protect the  innocent .

 
 
 
 Ocean City has one railroad, 
Rehoboth two can claim 
Bethany Beach has none at all 
But we get there just the same. 
 
 -- Bethany Herald, c. 1904 
 Could there be any cooler place for an  only child  to grow up?  All summer, cool friends from out of state, coming and going every two weeks.  All winter, a square mile of abandoned, cold beach houses on stilts with crawl spaces to crawl through.  A long, straight  boardwalk  almost half a mile long, perfect for noisy sprints on my  bicycle , the rickety boards grumbling under my tires.  A  great blue heron  to watch, down at the canal, and seasonal ducks to feed at the salt pond, and rabbits in the  bayberry  bushes for my dog to chase after.  So what if I was the only kid my age within a mile or so radius?  I had books, I had a dog, and I had the beach. 
 Getting there used to be  all  the fun 
 Located in rural  Sussex County, Delaware , Bethany Beach is a relatively young town of just over 1 square mile.  Bethany Beach and adjacent  Fenwick Island  jointly claim the motto "The Quiet Resorts" to distinguish them from their noisy neighbors to the north and south:  Dewey Beach, Delaware ,  Rehoboth Beach, Delaware  and  Ocean City, Maryland .  Instead of catering to the  June Bug s and  Spring Break  crowds of rowdy, drunken college kids, or the  Washington, D.C.  and  Baltimore, MD  types whose idea of a vacation is "a city like home, but with water and bikinis," Bethany Beach aims to be a getaway. 
 Bethany Beach was originally founded as a religious retreat.  The Disciples of Christ churches of Washington D.C. and southern  Pennsylvania  built the first building in town, a 100-foot diameter  octagonal   tabernacle .  It was dedicated on July 12, 1901, and the deed to the tabernacle and surrounding 15 acres was presented to a representative of the Christian Missionary Society.  The trip from Washington to Bethany in the early 1900's would scare away today's tourists: two days of dusty, smoky  train  rides, squall-tossed boat rides through  shallow mosquito-infested waterways , and lurching wagons riding over sand and mud through clouds of  sand flies . 
 Today things are considerably better.  If you know when to make the drive to avoid city traffic, you can come from Baltimore, Washington, or Philadelphia within 3 hours.  Fair warning, though: Bethany is a two-hour drive from the nearest  interstate highway  in the best conditions, and probably always will be.  Delawareans are, by and large,  rural  people who dislike seeing their tax money spent on  high speed  roads that only benefit out-of-state drivers.  If you don't plan ahead, and decide to just  wing it , you'll be sitting in traffic on Delaware  RT  404 or 1 (depending which way you drive in). 1 
 The Layout 
 Bethany Beach is laid out in a grid pattern, with three major north-south avenues and one major east-west street.  From the ocean to the west, the avenues are:
 Atlantic  Avenue 
 Pennsylvania  Avenue 
 Delaware Route 1 / Coastal Highway 
And from south to north, the streets are:
 
 Cedar wood Street Ash wood Street Maple wood Street Oak wood Street Wellington  Parkway Parkwood Street Hollywood  Street Garfield Parkway 
 Campbell Place Central Avenue   First Street   Second Street   Third Street   Oceanview Parkway   Fourth Street   Fifth Street 
 Garfield Parkway is the  main drag , and is also Delaware Route 26.  Bethany extends back as far as the  Assowoman Canal  along 26, but west of Route 1, it's all developments and strip malls.  Bethany Beach's only 24-hour establishment is a  Wawa ; it's west of Route 1.  From here on out, if I mention anything outside that small grid, it'll be noted--otherwise, assume that from anywhere inside the grid, you can walk there in 5 or 10 minutes. 
 Attractions 
 Number One:  the beach .  Bethany has a beautiful coastline of golden sand beaches that slope shallowly into the  Atlantic Ocean , rock  jetties  every two blocks that help keep erosion down, and a fairly standard assortment of  flora  and  fauna  to impress the city folks.  For those who don't care to rough it on the sand, Ron Steen runs a rental concession on the beach where you can get large beach umbrellas, sand chairs, and  body board s from perky local teenagers.  Ron went to high school with my dad, and I worked for him for 2 seasons; in the  off season  he teaches  drivers' ed  at the local high school.  Prices for daily and weekly rentals are cheap compared to the "big city" beaches north and south of Bethany. 
 Events 
 Lifeguards  are on duty from  Memorial Day  to  Labor Day  with hours posted on each beach.  Our lifeguards routinely beat much larger squads of lifeguards in the local lifeguard competitions.  On  Labor Day  weekend, every first-year lifeguard heads to the main drag, hides under the boardwalk, and then, on a pre-arranged signal, they all  streak  into the ocean; I've found photos of the event on postcards 2  as far away as  San Francisco . 
  Our  Independence Day  parade is one of the state's best.  It goes up Pennsylvania, across Oceanview Parkway, down Atlantic, and around Garfield; the best seats are on Oceanview Parkway, in front of my house, but show up early.  The t-shirt commemorating the annual event is drawn by a different local artist each year, and my collection goes back to 1987 or so. 
 The annual Beach & Bay Cottage Tour benefits the town  library .  Due to the popularity of the area with wealthy Washington  retiree s, the  real estate  in town is... well, ludicrously expensive.  For $20, you get a chauffered tour of 10 local homes, each decorated beautifully inside and out.  It's the local equivalent of  Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous ; most of the stops are at  million dollar  beach houses. 
 Food 
 For lunch, try  boardwalk fries  from D.B. Fries, south corner of Atlantic and Garfield.  For dinner,  Surf's Up  serves  hoagie s,  pizza ,  cheese steak s, and similar greasy fare; Mango Mike's serves more upscale food like "grilled tuna  au poivre " or steaks, and has a liquor license.   Sedona  offers southwestern gourmet meals for $20 a plate and up, but it's not really the local flavor--it's a little too hip for my tastes.  If you really want local cooking, look up  Magnolia  or  Chit Chat 's restaurants, back on Cedar Neck Road west of route 1, and just outside the incorporated limits of Bethany Beach.  I've also got to give a  shout out  to Warren's Station, on Route 1 in Fenwick, where I worked for 6 seasons: the food is great, the waitresses are cute, and the bill is cheap. 
 Bethany Beach boasts something like 10  ice cream  shops; the market for ice cream is a fierce one, but prices are still pretty high.  I recommend the ice cream store under the Blue Surf motel, which is owned and operated by a guy who used to babysit for me.  The motel above is owned by his parents, and if you need a place to stay you could do a lot worse.  We also have a  TCBY  and a  Dippin' Dots , if you want something familiar. 
 But here's the thing 
 All of those are great places to spend your money, but if you want to know why Bethany Beach is great, then you have to visit in  September , right after the tourists have gone home.  Come down some weekend when the lifeguards and the waitresses are all back in college, the  Atlantic  is still warm, and my dad is out  sea kayaking  with the dolphins.  Walk down a completely deserted street onto an empty beach, or barefoot up and down the  tide pool s collecting shells.  Sit against one of the  jetties  in beat-up jeans, sheltered from the wind, and read a good book while you curl your toes in cool sand. 
 If you visit in the summer, we'll take your money and give you a vacation.  If you visit in the early fall, you'll take home more than you could ever pay for. 
 
 
  The best time way to get to  Bethany Beach  in the summer is to plan to leave D.C. or Baltimore on a Sunday evening around 6pm.  Have a nice dinner in the city, then head for the  Chesapeake Bay Bridge .  Take Maryland 404 until it becomes Delaware 404; follow Delaware 404 to US 13.  Take a left at the first light (Delaware 40), and a right onto Delaware 113.  Take another left onto Delaware 26, and follow it all the way into town.  When you cross the canal, Delaware 26 is Garfield Parkway, the town's " main drag ". 
  Bethany Beach's  zip code  is 19930.  Delaware license plates are all digits--no letters.  If you see a car with Delaware tag "19930," it's my dad.  Say "hi," ask directions, whatever: he tied the record for most years in office as  mayor  of Bethany, and he grew up here.  If he can't help you, you can't be helped. 
 
 
 
 6880  Springfield - Xenia  Road Yellow Springs, OH 
 How to get there 
 From  Interstate 70 , take the U.S. 68 exit south towards  Yellow Springs, OH .  It's a few miles down, on the left.  From  Interstate 75 , take I-675 around Dayton to the Dayton-Yellow Springs Rd. exit, hang a right, and then a left onto U.S. 68 in Yellow Springs.  It'll be on the right. 
 A Brief History 
 Young's Jersey  Dairy  came into existence in 1869 when relatives of the Young family built the  red barn .  Hap Young bought the 60  acre  farm and house shortly after the end of  World War II .  For the next 10 years, Hap and his three sons (Carl, Bob, and Bill) farmed the 60 acres, plus up to 500 additional rented acres. They grew grain, raised  hog s, and milked  cow s.  In 1958, the three sons decided to sell their raw, whole  Jersey  milk directly to the public. They bought a used  refrigerator , a few glass milk bottles, and went into the retail business.   The local community seemed enthusiastic about visiting a farm to buy their milk, and they began to request other related products.  In 1960, they added to the red barn and opened up their first real retail store. During the mid-sixties they added  ice cream , cheese, and other related products.  The first part of the Dairy Store went up in 1968. A bakery was added, which complimented the ice cream part of our business, especially in the winter months.  In 1972 they doubled the size of the old building, using the old building for more traditional bottling operations.  In recent years, they've added a full-service restaurant (the Golden Jersey Inn), a mini-golf course ( Udder s &  Putter s), and a corn maze, among other attractions.  In  1999 , approximately 1,400,000 customers visited Young’s Jersey Dairy. 
 Why you should go 
 Five words:  best ice cream in  Ohio .  Made fresh, with tons of cheerful local teenagers laughing and giggling behind the counter scooping it into  sundae s,  banana split s, cups,  cone s, and of course shakes.  The shakes come in three sizes:  calf ,  cow , and  bull , which are roughly: small, large, and large with an extra scoop for thickness.  "Oh  God ," you might find yourself saying, as you clutch your  poor tummy , "I'm  lactose intolerant !"  Fine.  Bring your kids and watch them giggle hysterically at the  goat s.  It'll cost you a  quarter  to feed them half a handful of  pellet -type food, and the delighted squeals of the kids are worth going over to the pen even if you're not bringing one of your own  rugrats . 
 Okay, so you don't like ice cream or goats.  How about  miniature golf ?  Maybe you'd prefer to head to the  batting cage s?  A  corn maze ?  If nothing else, you can get freshly-baked  donut s that rival  Krispy Kreme 's, or a typical  greasy spoon  breakfast, lunch, or dinner from the bakery area.  If you're in the mood for classier food, walk across the parking lot to the Golden Jersey Inn, which is full-service, and features  country  cooking served up hot by waitresses who will call you " Hon ," " Darlin' ," or something along those lines. 
 In a nutshell 
 The ice cream kicks ass--everything else is whipped cream and  jimmies .  The prices are not at all unreasonable--one can get a large, hungry-college-student-sized helping of ice cream for under $5.00, or a one- or two- scoop cone for under $3.00.  The  flavor of the week  is almost always worth trying: the  2002  calendar includes  black walnut ,  pumpkin , and  butter   toffee , all naturally flavored right there at the dairy. 
 
 
 
 Where it's at 
 Dayton, OH  is about  equidistant  from  Columbus, OH  and  Cincinnati, OH , and since it's only an hour from each, the major  metropolitan  attractions one expects in a city are more likely to be found in one of the two outlying towns.  The Air Force Museum is the exception.  Dayton does have two interesting claims to fame, both related, both of which make it the ideal location for the  U.S. Air Force Museum : it's the  hometown  of the  Wright Br oth ers , who pioneered heavier-than-air flight, and it's the location of  Wright-Patterson Air Force Base , one of America's  largest  military bases. 
 Dayton sits at the intersection of  I-70  and  I-75  in Ohio; Ohio exit 44A on I-70 will put you on Dayton's " beltway ", I-675.  Exit 15 on I-675 will drop you practically right on top of the museum: follow the brown signs. 
 Why it rocks 
 In terms of square feet and number of exhibits, it's larger than the  National Air and Space Museum .  It features actual  airframe s of many famous and obscure aircraft, with walkaround and walk-through exhibits of some of the larger aircraft.  It's one of the few places a  civilian  can go to see an  F-117 , and currently the only place (to my knowledge) that an  F-22  is on public  static display .  All manner of  aircraft , from  triplane s to experimental  hypersonic  vehicles, are on display.  Most are former  USAF  military planes, but several are non-military.  I can practically give the tour at  National Air and Space Museum  (which is not to diminish its coolness; I've just been there 20 or so times) but the USAFM still fascinates me every time I go. 
 There is a hall with the portraits and citations for every  Medal of Honor  winner--most of them  posthumous --from the  USAF  and  Army Air Corps  in history; every time I visit, I like to read five or ten to remember that the uniform I wear to work every day is more than just a funny-looking blue polyester outfit. 
 There's an  IMAX  theater for those of you so inclined, and also the  ubiquitous   gift shop  and  cafeteria --purveyors of fine  astronaut ice cream !  If you're in Dayton for only one day, skip them and spend more time wandering around the aircraft displays.  Don't miss the on-base  annex  which includes a bunch of planes you simply can't see anywhere else--for example, almost every plane to ever bear the designation  Air Force One --most of which are available for you to walk through or around, depending on their size and condition.
 What's the damage? 
 Your precious time--plan to spend the bulk of a day if you want to see most of the exhibits.  On any day of the year except  Thanksgiving ,  Christmas , and  New Year's Day , anyone may walk in and view the museum for free. 
 In their words 
 All of this would be unavailable to the public without the efforts of the people who run the museum.  Their mission statement goes like this: 
 The  USAF  Museum (USAFM) portrays the history and traditions of the  United States Air Force  through specialized displays and exhibition of historical items at the USAFM.  The museum manages the worldwide USAF Museum System (USAFMS) for museums and historical property, maintaining  accountability  for all USAF historical property. It is the  focal point  for all museum matters within the USAF, to include foreign and domestic,  military  and civilian museums.  The museum identifies, searches for, acquires, preserves, refurbishes, displays or stores, and manages items of historical or technological significance to the USAF.  The museum provides professional guidance and assistance to participants in the USAFMS, specifically the base level museums and displays/exhibits. 
 The museum manages the loan program for USAF historical property made available to non-USAF museums under the provisions of Public Law 10 USC  2572. 
 The museum manages the historical property exchange program. 
 
 
Information courtesy of USAF Museum website, http://www.wpafb.af.mil/museum/
 
 
 
 
 The Persistence of Memory 
 
I almost laugh at  forgetting to forget  you, 
just before I sink my foot too deeply in the mud. 
My  boots  were stitched to stop  wet clay  and dead damp grass, 
to stump the silt and puddles, dirty fingers prodding my dry socks. 
Wet wool chafes like greasy sandpaper.  I hike home. 
My clothes smell like  mushroom s and  mice  and  mildew ,  
and  the rain reminds me of your mouth . 
The boots are  tired bloated leather babies   
being dragged home by my ankles. 
I pull them from my feet and hide in bed, 
 too drained to shower. 
 
I dream of warm mice growing families, pushing  
and bending back the  dry grass  in my heart  
to make room in  such a tiny  
place .  As it descends on them like cold 
campfire smoke, I dream that your smell of mushrooms  
and your taste of bookdust 
and your sour sting like warm wine  
is suddenly filling  the space  
where my mice wait . 
 
In their borrowed  ventricle , 
they nudge each wall, and  curl up into 
disappearing sleep . 
The vapor makes them  dream of you 
and smile: 
I'm not surprised. 
 
I force this dream not to blow over 
and keep these almost forgotten  oceans  in my lungs-- 
wake up 
gasping. 
I splash  cold  water  
on my colder face 
 ,shower, 
and put on icy boots  
and  dry clothes  
that still smell like  
books and mice and mushrooms. 
 
 jurph ,  1997 
 
 
 
 
 Do you remember driving south on  I-85  or  I-95  or even  US-1 , watching the cities disappear as you came through  Virginia , back before anyone lived there, back before  Wal-Mart ?  About six miles past the first  South of the Border  billboard, someone in the car has to pee, and the  McDonald's  was back at the  billboard , and nobody feels like stopping on the shoulder, besides, it's probably some farmer's land--ever been there?--and you catch an exit to a  county road  somewhere in one of  the Carolinas , and just as the last of the  urban  and  top 40  stations fades off the radio, squelched out by furry bluegrass or gospel, you see the gas station you want to stop at--and it's closed.  Of course it's closed, because nobody lives out here, nobody takes this exit.  But you keep driving, now, because the road's too narrow to do a  U-turn  on, and the ditches on either side of the two-lane road are deep.  You pass a few more farms, a stretch of woods, and then over a  one lane bridge  into a little town.  Ever happen to you? 
 ...Or maybe you grew up there.  Cutting peaches with whatever was at hand and sharp, walking around the woods with snakes and dirt, sneaking a sip out of a  still  on a summer day that turns closed eyelids scarlet from the inside.    And either way, you know exactly what  James Taylor  was thinking about back in  1991 .  He released " New Moon Shine " that year, and the first track was this one.  "R. Price" is also credited with songwriting on it, but it's the sort of song that reminds old fans of  Carolina in my Mind .  Quiet  acoustic guitar  on melody and the bass line, some piano in the background--it's the kind of song that might even sound better if he didn't have the  synthesizers  in the studio, but just played it out on a cool fall night with nothing plugged in, sipping sweet tea before he sang. 
 
 Lyrics: 
Even the  old folks  never knew  
Why they call it like they do;  
I was wondering since the age of two  
Down on Copperline.  
 Copperhead , copper  beech   
Copper kettles sitting  side by each   
Copper coil, cup o'  Georgia peach   
Down on Copperline  
 Half a mile down to  Morgan Creek   
 Leaning heavy on the end of the week  
 Hercules  and a  hog-nosed snake   
 Down on Copperline...  
 We were down on Copperline.  
 
One summer night on the Copperline,  
Slipped away past supper time:  
Wood smoke and  moonshine ,  
Down on Copperline.  
One time I saw my daddy dance,  
Watched him moving  like a man in a trance .  
He brought it back from  the war in France ,  
Down to Copperline.  
 Branch water and  tomato wine   
 Creosote  and  turpentine   
 Sour mash  and new moon shine:  
 Down on Copperline,  
 Down on Copperline. 
 
First kiss ever I took:  
Like a page from a romance book,  
The sky opened and the earth shook  
Down on Copperline,  
Down on Copperline. 
 Took a fall from a windy height.  
 I only knew how to hold on tight,  
 and pray for love enough to last all night  
 Down on Copperline.  
 
Day breaks and the boy wakes up  
And the dog barks and the bird sings  
And the sap rises and the angels sigh, yeah...  
 
 
I tried to go back, as if I could:  
All  spec house  and  plywood   
Tore up, and tore up good,  
Down on Copperline.  
It doesn't come as a surprise to me  
It doesn't touch my memory  
Man I'm lifting up and rising free  
Down over Copperline.  
 Half a mile down to Morgan Creek  
 I'm only  living for the end of the week   
 Hercules and a hog-nosed snake,  
 Down on Copperline, yeah,  
 Take me down on Copperline.  
 Oh, down on Copperline...  
 Take me down on Copperline.  
 
 
 
 
 n.  -  Latin , literally "a  felon  of himself;" a  self-murderer .  Specifically, the  legal  term (hence the  hifalutin   Latin ) for  suicide , used to describe the "crime" of suicide, in the legal sense. 
 To be guilty of this offense, the  deceased  must have had the will and intention of committing it, or else he committed no crime--the burden of proof is on the state in this case, and must be proven to a  coroner  and a  jury . If one kills oneself inadvertently while trying to kill another, one is also guilty of  felo de se , because the intent was still to  murder . As the deceased is beyond the reach of human laws, he cannot be punished with fines, beatings, or imprisonment.  Therefore,  English  law used to inflict a punishment by burial at a  crossroads  with a  stake through one's heart , and by  forfeiting  to the  king  the property which one owned and which would have otherwise passed to one's relations.  The property could usually be restored to one's family by their payment of small  fees , and  George IV  provided for a kinder burial option--instead of  mutilating  the body, it simply needed to be buried at night, and privately, and could still be interred in  holy ground  if the felon had not committed any other mortal sins. 
 The charter of privileges granted by  William Penn  to the inhabitants of  Pennsylvania  contains the following clause: "If any person, through  temptation  or  melancholy , shall  destroy himself , his estate, real and personal, shall notwithstanding, descend to his wife and children, or relations, as if he had died a natural death." 
 
 Thanks to Bouvier's Law Dictionary, 1856 ed. 
 
 
 
( ap'  - uh - tro -  pay  - ick) 
 adj.  -  from  Greek   apotropaios , from  apotrepein , "to ward off"  :  apo- ,  apo-  +  trep ein , "to  turn ." 
 Intended to  ward  off  evil .  Apotropaic symbols include the  hex es drawn by the  Amish ,  circles of warding , and even the  Roman Catholic   superstition  of  cross ing oneself when in the presence of death or misfortune.   knocking on wood  is apotropaic; so is throwing salt over one's shoulder.  With so many ways to ward off evil, it's amazing there's any left...

 
 
 
 Military   slang , specifically  USAF : " first sergeant ," the personal  mentor  of any unit's non-commissioned personnel. 
 The first shirt, or simply "shirt", is  usually  among the senior  enlisted  men in a U.S.  Air Force  unit.  The position is not given for  seniority  (although a  grade  of  E-7  is required) but for  leadership ,  mentor ing, and the ability to  listen  and solve other people's problems.  The  rank  insignia is identical to the sergeant's normal insignia for his  grade , but above the star in the middle of his  stripe s, and below his  chevron s, he has a  diamond . 
 When any  airman  or  sergeant  needs someone to talk to about problems at home, money problems, a pregnancy, a sick relative, or whatever, he goes to the shirt.  When a  second lieutenant  wants to know why none of the  sergeant s bought tickets to the $40-a-plate  retirement  lunch he planned for  The Colonel , he asks the shirt.  When the colonel wants to know how all the  airmen  and  sergeant s could afford to come to his luncheon, and by the way where did the  slush fund  go, he drops by the shirt's office and says, "Nice job, shirt." 
 The  Major  who taught me the basics of  officer ship had a three-point checklist for what to do when you get to a new base or unit: 
 Go to  billeting  and make sure you have a room for the night.
 Report to your supervisor so he can start your paperwork.
 Introduce yourself to the  first shirt , because he's already your best friend in the unit.
 
 
 
 
 Spanish   slang , prob.  Mexican  in origin.  Literally, "the  junkie   worm ."  Closest in meaning to the English " monkey on your back ," but more insidious, with specific  heroin  overtones.  In the words of  David Foster Wallace , in  Infinite Jest , the  tecato gusano  connotes "some kind of interior psychic worm that cannot be sated or killed." 
 The worm is what makes your  withdrawal  a personal hell; it makes the  tecato  feel like he's going to vomit if he so much as moves in any direction other than towards the  heroin .  This worm is closer to the English " wyrm " in serious, not-fucking-around-ness than the  scrawny   frat boy  "worm" at the bottom of a  tequila  bottle.  This is a worm that lives in your  vein s, in your  stomach , in your  spine , and in your  psyche . 
 The metaphor goes a long way towards explaining what life is like for one who no longer uses  heroin .  Just as  Alcoholics Anonymous  insists that there are no "former" alcoholics, only " recovering alcoholic s", when one kicks the habit, the worm is not said to be dead--you are simply "keeping the worm asleep." 
 
 
 
 from   Greek   terato  or  teras , " Monster " or " portent ", +  genes  "born" 
 adj.  - Of, relating to, or causing malformations of an  embryo  or  fetus ,  e.g.   Thalidomide  causing " flipper babies ."  
 Teratogens include several broad categories:  pollutant s in air or water,  medication s or recreational  drug s, and  disease s.  For example, just about everyone knows that  alcohol  use during pregnancy can cause  Fetal Alcohol Syndrome  and using  cocaine  while pregnant is also a  bad thing , but some  acne  medications based on  vitamin A  are also teratogens.  If you catch  toxoplasmosis  or  chicken pox --or even have a  fever  for an extended length of time--during your pregnancy, your child's health may be endangered as well.   Phenylketunuric s should avoid forms of  phenylalanine  (including  NutraSweet ) which can hamper fetal brain development.  There are probably  electromagnetic  teratogens as well; it's a good bet that  X-Ray s are as bad for embryos as they are for full-grown people. 
 In  general , if you avoid the things that do damage to your body, the body of your baby should also come out well--the few exceptions to this rule are well-known and your  doctor  can tell you more of them than I can. 
 
 
 
 from   Greek   leptos , "slender, fine, thin", the same place we get " lepton ". 
 n.  A person with a slender or frail body.  The adjectival form is "leptosomatic,"  e.g.   females find achromatic leptosomatic males attractive on multiple levels .  Yet another word I would never have known if I didn't read  Infinite Jest  with a  dictionary  handy.
 
 
 
 from   Greek :  psychos  "mind" or "spirit",  dys-  "not" or "against" +  leptos  "slender" or "fine".
 adj.  - expanding or broadening the mind or soul.  Close but imperfect  synonym  for, and replaced in modern usage by " psychedelic ," which is based on the  Greek   delos , "to reveal or make visible."  
 
 
 
 A powerful  psychedelic  derived from the  fly agaric  mushroom.  The  online  medical dictionary at  graylab .ac. uk  has this to say about  muscimol : 
 Chemical  Name: 5-( amino methyl )-3- isoxazolol .   Neurotoxic   isoxazole  isolated from  amanita muscaria  and  a. Phalloides  and also obtained by de carboxyl ation of  ibotenic acid . It is a potent agonist at  gaba -a receptors and is used mainly as an experimental tool in animal and tissue studies.   Pharmacological action:  gaba   agonist . 
 If you've taken  neuroscience  courses or  LSD , maybe you understood that bit.  If not, here's what Michael Pemulis, a  fictional   high school   tennis  star in  David Foster Wallace 's " Infinite Jest ", has to say to the younger boys under his care in an  impromptu   dorm  meeting: 
 The organopsychedelic muscimole ( sic ), an isoxazole-alkaloid derived from  Amanita muscaria , a.k.a. the  fly agaric  mushroom--  by no means to be confused with  phalloides  or  verna  or certain other  kill-you-dead  species of North America's  Amanita   genus -- goes by the  moniker  5-( amino methyl )-3- isoxazolol , requires about like maybe ten to twenty oral  mg.  per ingestion, making it two to three times as potent as  psilocybin , and frequently results in  ...  a kind of sleep-like trance with  visions , elation, sensations of physical lightness and increased strength, and favorable distortions in  body-image . 
 I would guess that  Infinite Jest  sells rather better than the medical dictionaries do.
 
 
And here's a  pretty picture  of muscimol, for  all of you  who know how to build this sort of thing:
             /\
      ------ /  \
     |    |    NH 2 
     |    |
    /\\   / O 
   /  \\ /
   HO      N 
 
 
 
 from   Latin   per- , " thorough " +  tussis , " cough ". 
 n.  - a  medication  to treat a  cough , either by  inducing  coughing or  dessicating  the affected passages.  From the same  Latin  root, we get  Robitussin , a  pertussive .
 adj.  - afflicted with  pertussis  ( whooping cough ) or, contemporarily,   cough ing heavily regardless of cause. 
 
 
 
 n.  - ( Greek :  hypo- , "lower," "under"  kapnos , " smoke ")
 A state in which the level of  carbon dioxide  in the blood is lower than normal; can result from deep or rapid breathing.  Though different from  hyperventilation , the two are closely associated.  Hyperventilation is defined as excessive rate or depth of breathing.  The increase in ventilation leads to a lowering of  alveolar  carbon dioxide tension--the definition of  hypocapnia .  With hypocapnia, the acid-base balance of the blood usually becomes more  alkaline , a condition referred to as a  respiratory   alkalosis .
 syn :  acapnia 
 
 
 
 adj.  -  
 1. In the manner of the visions of  Friedrich August von Kekulé , molecular biologist for whom  kekulene  (aka  hexatriene :  C 6 H 8 ) was named.  Kekulé was known for allowing his  active imagination  to aid him in solving the riddles of early organic chemistry:
 Again t h e  atoms  were  gambol ing before my eyes. T h is time t h e smaller groups kept modestly to t h e ba c kground. My  mental eye , rendered more a c ute by repeated vision of this kind,  c ould not distinguish larger stru c tures, of manifold  c onformation; long rows, sometimes more  c losely fitted together; all twining and twisting in snakelike motion. But look! W h at was that? One of t h e  snakes   h ad seized hold of its own tail, and the form w h irled mockingly before my eyes.  
 e.g.  "Kekulean dreams and Archimedean  eureka  experiences" 
 2. Shaped like  kekulene  or any of the objects from  Kekule 's dreams e.g.   "Kekuléan hexagonal structures with each  hexagon  being resonant" , or more famously,  " I  stare carefully into the Kekuléan knot of the middle  Dean 's necktie." 
 
 
 
 Statics is the branch of  engineering physics  that deals with objects at rest.   Newton's Second Law of Motion  forms the entire mathematical basis for the study: it says, quite simply,  F  =  m  *  a  .  Statics takes this in several directions, arriving at a  cornucopia  of useful equations for discerning the internal forces on a  structure  at rest. 
 First,  a  is reduced to zero, via  Newton's First Law of Motion .  This means that regardless of the mass of the objects, something is holding them still, and there is no net acceleration.  That something must be an opposing force (see  Newton's Third Law of Motion ), which leads us to the fundamental equation of statics: 
 ΣF  = 0 
 That's it.  "The sum of the forces equals zero."  Not only that, but you get a  freebie  dealing with  angular momentum  as well.  Since the object is neither moving nor spinning, you can assume that there is also no net  torque  on it; here we represent torque with a capital "M" for " moment ".  Because  Σ M  =  Σ F  *  d , and  Σ F  = 0, we know that Σ M  = 0 
 "The sum of the torques equals zero."  Again, utter simplicity. 
 These two rules are true for every single direction.  For instance, all of the  parallel  forces in the  horizontal  direction sum to zero; so do the ones in the  vertical .  So do the ones canted 33 o .  All of them sum to zero.  A  rock  sitting on a table has two forces on it, both in the vertical direction:  gravity , trying to accelerate its mass downward at 9.8  m / s 2 , and the table, trying to hold it still, pushing back with the exact same force.  If the rock weighs ten  kilogram s, then the downward force is 98  Newton s, and the table is pushing back with 98 N of force also.  Somewhat boring, but that's the way things go in one-dimensional statics. 
 Because of the work of  Descartes  and his proofs about perpendicular  vector s, we can choose one axis for each dimension we're working with ( x ;  x  and  y ; or  x ,  y , and  z  -- all mutually  perpendicular ) and do our summations in 1-, 2-, or 3- space.  Our new rules become 
 ΣF x  +  ΣF y  +  ΣF z  = 0 
and 
 ΣM x  +  ΣM y  +  ΣM z  = 0 
 This is still read as "the sum of all forces and the sum of all moments are each equal to zero."  The rest of  statics  is just figuring out how to calculate the various forces.  Let's look at our  rock  again.  Let's suppose there's a very stiff breeze exerting a force of 3N on the rock, and a  prehistoric pseudo-rodent  trying to push this rock across the table, perpendicular to the direction of the wind, with a force of 4N.  He's not very bright, is he?  Well, that's why  Allotheria  are extinct.  Always going around pushing on rocks... So.  Let's declare three  axes :  x  will be the direction of the wind,  y  will be the pseudo-rodent, and  z  will be gravity.  The table pushes back with 98 Newtons and nullifies gravity, and something holds the rock in place against the wind and the prehistoric pseudo-rodent. 
 It's  friction , for those of you impatient with  statics  and eager to move on to a node about  Butterfinger McFlurry s or some such.  By the  Pythagorean theorem , we know that the force of friction is 5N (draw a  free body diagram  if you don't believe me).  From this, an engineer can apply the  static friction  equation ( Jeeves  has an outstanding writeup there) and tell you about the interesting properties of the underside of a rock.  What this tells us about engineers is  left as an exercise to the reader . 
 If  statics  isn't exciting enough for you, perhaps you'd like to learn about  dynamics , where things move.  It's really not that much more complex until you start doing the math.
 
 
 
 In the  U.S. ,  hazardous materials  carried in  bulk  are required to be marked before shipment by road, rail, or air.  The authority that regulates this marking is the  Department of Transportation , or DOT.  The rules for  placard ing are contained in CFR Title 49, sections 171 and 172. 
 Don't Panic !  You don't need to run out to  Office Depot  to get a bunch of crazy stickers for your  household chemical s--"Each person offering a motor carrier a  hazardous material  for transportation by highway shall provide to the  motor carrier  the required placards for the material being offered prior to or at the same time the material is offered for transportation, unless the carrier's  motor vehicle  is already placarded for the material as required by this subpart."  So you do have to have placards, but you can get them from the same place you get your hazardous materials. 
 But which materials need to be placarded?  I'm  so  glad you asked.  49 CFR 172 (subpart F) defines the following classes of  hazmat  placards and the regulations that apply:
 
 Class 1:  Explosives  - placard must be  orange  with black lettering, bearing the appropriate division number (1,2,3...6) and the word "EXPLOSIVES". 
 
 Division 1.1 Explosives with a mass explosion hazard  
 Division 1.2 Explosives with a projection hazard  
 Division 1.3 Explosives with predominantly a  fire hazard   
 Division 1.4 Explosives with no significant  blast hazard 
 Division 1.5 Very insensitive explosives - carries the legend " BLASTING AGENTS " instead of "EXPLOSIVES". 
 Division 1.6  Extremely insensitive  explosive articles  
 
 
 Class 2:  Gases 
 Division 2.1  Flammable  gases - red with white lettering, except  oxygen  which is yellow with black. 
 Division 2.2 Nonflammable gases - green with white lettering 
 Division 2.3  Poison  gas - white with black text, a  skull and crossbones , and the legend " INHALATION  HAZARD" 
 Division 2.4  Corrosive  gases  
 
 
 Class 3: Flammable liquids.  
 
 Division 3.1  Flashpoint  below -18 o C  (0 o F) - red background with white lettering, a  flame  logo, and the word " FLAMMABLE " or " GASOLINE " where applicable.
             
 Division 3.2 Flashpoint -18 o C and above, but less than 
              23 o C (73 o F) - red background with white lettering, legend " COMBUSTIBLE " or " FUEL OIL " where applicable.  
 Division 3.3 Flashpoint 23 o C and up to 61 o C 
              (141 o F)  
 
 
 Class 4: Flammable solids;  spontaneously combustible  materials; and 
          materials that are  dangerous when wet   
 
 Division 4.1 Flammable solids - white with  seven   vertical   red  stripes, flame logo, legend "FLAMMABLE SOLIDS" 
 Division 4.2 Spontaneously combustible materials - upper half white, lower half red, with black lettering, flame logo, legend "SPONTANEOUSLY COMBUSTIBLE" 
 Division 4.3 Materials that are dangerous when wet - blue with white lettering, flame logo, legend "DANGEROUS WHEN WET". 
 
 
 Class 5:  Oxidizer s and organic  peroxide s - yellow with black lettering, legend "OXIDIZER" or "ORGANIC PEROXIDE", logo is a circle with a flame. 
 
 Division 5.1 Oxidizers 
 Division 5.2 Organic peroxides  
 
 
 Class 6:  Poisons  and  etiologic  materials - white with black text, white  skull and crossbones , legend "POISON" or "TOXIC" 
 
 Division 6.1 Poisonous materials  
 Division 6.2 Etiologic ( infectious ) materials  
 
 
 Class 7:  Radioactive  materials - yellow upper half, white lower half, black lettering, with  radiation  logo, legend "RADIOACTIVE". 
 
 Any material, or combination of materials, that spontaneously 
              gives off  ionizing radiation . It has a specific activity greater 
              than 0.002 micro curie s per  gram .  
 
 
 Class 8:  Corrosive s - black with white lettering, upper corner in white with spilled  test tube  & dissolving hand logo drawn in black. 
 
 A material, liquid or solid, that causes visible destruction or 
              irreversible alteration to  human skin  or a liquid that has a severe 
              corrosion rate on  steel  or  aluminum .  
 
 
 Class 9:  Miscellaneous  - white with seven vertical black stripes coverin the upper half.  Number " 9 " is underlined and centered at the bottom. 
 
 A material which presents a hazard during transport, but which 
              is not included in any other hazard class (such as a hazardous substance 
              or a  hazardous waste ).  
 
  "Dangerous": white placard with upper and lower third in red, with black lettering "DANGEROUS" through the white center.  Used when 2 or more from different categories are present in the same shipment ( e.g.  if 1.x and 2.x are together, but not necessary if 1.x and 1.y are together). 
 
 Also: 
 Placards must be square, and measure at least 273 mm  on each edge, with a solid line inner border at least 12.7mm from the edge.  For other than Class 7 or the DANGEROUS placard, text indicating a hazard (for example, " FLAMMABLE ") is not required. Text may be omitted from the  OXYGEN  placard only if the specific identification number is displayed on the placard. 
 
 
 
 Also called a  wind cone , a windsock is a device for measuring wind speed; it takes its name from its roughly  sock -like shape.  It is primarily used in  aviation , where the  speed of the air flow  over one's  control surface s is more important than ground speed. 
 A windsock is typically a  frustum -shaped sleeve or tapered  cylinder  of fabric open at both ends.  The wide end has two  grommet s which slide onto a vertical pole.  The pole is placed vertically into the ground, and is long enough so that in no wind, the sock's loose end does not touch the ground.  There may be a cylindrical stiffener at the wide end which is always horizontal. 
 A windsock is often  calibrated  (and the loose end, with the tapered  throat , weighted down) so that the local maximum winds make the sock stand horizontally off the pole.  In intermediate winds, the sock hangs  flaccid ly at various angles, indicating a less stiff breeze.  A calibration chart can be broken down into many divisions--the windsock is not just a  binary  device.  Because the windsock is free to swing around the pole, it gives  azimuth  as well as  magnitude  for the local wind.  Several windsocks can be placed at the corners of an airfield to give the observer an idea of the local  vector field ; this is especially useful for slower-moving aircraft like  dirigibles . 
 FAA  approved windsocks are uniformly  International Orange  or white in color, may be illuminated at night, and come in two sizes.  Size 2 is for  primary  use, and is twelve  feet  in length with a thirty-six  inch  mouth; Size 1 is for  supplemental  use only, and is eight feet in length with an eighteen inch mouth.  If either is intended for night use, it must be illuminated from below and also carry a red  obstruction  light. 
 
 
 
 When a heavy  fog  like  Tule fog  settles in, any  harbor  or  airport  under that  fog bank  is said to be "socked in."  The term was first recorded in  1944 .  It comes from the early days of  aviation  when one would look at the  windsock  to determine the flying conditions.  If you couldn't see across the field to check the windsock, then in the days before  GPS  and  radar , you had no business taking off. 
 Today, the expression can apply to any  zero visibility  situation.  Anywhere that you can have a cloud descend on you-- ski ing,  San Francisco ,  Boston Harbor ,  LAX --you can be "socked in". 
 
 
 
 The term " reentry  vehicle" means that part of the front section that can survive  reentry  through the dense layers of the  Earth 's  atmosphere  and that is designed for delivering a  weapon  to a target or for testing such a delivery. 
 -- START ,  Annex : Terms and Their Definitions, #88 (English) / #8 (Russian)
 
 An  RV  is the  aerodynamic  shell in which an  ICBM 's " physics package " is kept.  It is dispensed by the missile or by the missile's  SCDM  (self-contained dispensing mechanism),  a.k.a.  the  PBV  (post-boost vehicle) or the "bus", whereupon it arcs to its  apogee  tumbling gently, or perhaps spin-stabilized like a  gyroscope , and then begins its descent 1 .  At about 100 km  altitude, it starts to encounter  atmosphere , and the  heat shielding  begins to get hot.  There is no  nose cone  really--the whole thing is conic in shape 2 .  The entire skin (typically a  carbon  or  phenolic  composite) gets white-hot, and depending on its  ballistic coefficient , it can reach speeds of  Mach  20+.  Of course, in the upper atmosphere, measuring speed by  Mach number  is a little silly. 
 The  RV  comes in towards its target  ballistic ally, unguided, not changing direction at all 3 .  If you're lucky enough to be standing within 20 miles of the  RV  as in comes in, it looks just like a big, stunningly graceful  meteor .  Really, it's just  space junk , obeying the  law of gravity , just like any good  meteor , only it is much more  aerodynamic .  As the  START  definition notes, it is "designed to survive reentry."  So the meteor trail is much longer, much prettier, and infinitely more ominous.  In an inert test, the trail is followed by a sonic boom, and then a mild rumble like thunder or ripping linen.  In a live warhead, I don't know whether you'd hear the  sonic boom  from reentry, or if the flash from the  fusion  detonation would overtake it before you got to hear it.  Then again, it doesn't really matter much, does it? 
 
 
 It is important that the  RV  be pointed towards its target before it is spin-stabilized, otherwise the spin will actually cause it to hold an incorrect  attitude  on re-entry.  This results in the  RV 's sidewalls (rather than the nose tip) receiving the majority of heating, resulting in tumbling, ablation, and eventually failure.  An  attitude control system  or a  post-boost vehicle  can take care of this.
 In addition to conic shapes,  RV s typically have a  hemispherical  nose tip.  Further, the smooth conic side can have an angular break where the shape flares or tapers.  Each segment adds to the complexity of the shape but can offer a marginal increase in performance;  biconic ,  triconic ,  flared triconic , and so forth.
 Unless it is a  MaRV , or  Ma neuvering  RV . 
 
 
 
 "The last time this happened so intensely, it was  1800 .  Or  1600 .  But they all went outside, and thought the stars were falling.  They panicked, because they all knew it had to be  the end of the world ." -- Jason 
 
 ...and it's  no wonder .  Well, it is a wonder.  Reds, greens, long smoky trails of orange, all fading to grey:  wonder ful.  We were up at four a.m., or zero-four-hundred--whichever you prefer--and as soon as I got out of the car, I saw one.  After a few moments, it became clear that this was bigger than the  Perseids  I saw last summer in the  Mojave Desert .  This was bigger than any  meteor shower  I'd  ever seen.   Probably ever will. 
 I was reminded of a short story I had to read in  sixth grade  about the  Leonids .  I remember the grandmother waking the boy up, I remember something about a very large buildup, and the story (written in the  1970 s) saying the next good Leonid shower wouldn't be until after  2001 .  I remember the boy and the grandmother going outside full of anticipation, and having clouds.   Clouds !  The implication then was that the grandmother would die before she got to see this again, and that the little boy would promise himself that he'd never miss another chance to see them. 
 I was also reminded of a picture I saw at work.  It showed all these streaks spilling out of the sky towards the  Kwajalein Atoll  in the  Marshall Islands  or somewhere in the  Pacific Ocean .  They were  Peacekeeper   reentry vehicle s from an inert  ICBM  test.  I think  I'm not scared of nukes anymore .  I mean, there's nothing you can do about that but watch.  If that's what reentry vehicles look like, I can stand it, I think.  It was so beautiful, watching them spill out of the sky like that.  The  fog  bank was low, and dimmed out the farm lights, and everything was perfectly quiet.  This week Bush and Putin agreed to each  unilateral ly cut nuclear stockpiles. 
 It was so startling, to realize that they pre-dated  television ,  telescope s, humans... eyes.  The Leonids have been lighting up the sky since before anything could look up and marvel at it.  The next time it's going to be this good is supposed to be in 2099 or so.  If I see anything that stark and beautiful light up the night sky again in my lifetime, it might really be  the end of the world .  Then again, next time it's this bright, maybe our grandchildren won't even think of  ICBM s.  Maybe they'll have forgotten what they were, or that they ever existed. 
 
 
 
 Launched by the design house of  Guy Laroche  in  1982 , DRAKKAR NOIR is classified as a sharp, spicy,  lavender ,  amber  fragrance. It is the result of the following top fragrance "notes":  bergamot ,  lemon  and  rosemary . The middle notes are:  basil ,  amber  and  patchouli  and the base of the fragrance is:  cedarwood ,  leather  and  sandalwood . 
 But if you can't tell a top fragrance note from  rancid Gouda , know this: I have never met a straight woman who held a  negative  opinion of Drakkar.  At the very worst, the reactions are neutral.  At best, I've heard it referred to as " unfair female flesh bait ," and been told that it "practically guarantees  nookie ."  There is something about this scent which some women find irresistable. Templeton  says "Maybe you can get female noder quotes about how Drakkar has changed their lives."   Send 'em in, ladies... Testimonial  /msg 's relating to this  node  have included the phrases: "I can't help it," "  *rowr*  " ... and your lusty quote here * 
 A 3.4  ounce  bottle will cost you about $35.00 US, and will last for at least a year of almost-daily use.  Remember that  scent  is one of the strongest senses when it comes to triggering  memory --given its popularity, it might be a bad perfume for a  first date . 
 * Employees and shareholders of  Guy Laroche  and subsidiaries not eligible. 
 
 
 
 To expand on the proper usage of " miss " as a title, one must understand some basic elements of  race relations  in the  American South .  Let's imagine a hypothetical  19th Century  family, the Wilsons, consisting of a father (Jack), a mother (Joan), two daughters (Bess and Sadie), and Daisy, a female slave who serves as a housekeeper (whose  surname  may or may not be Wilson, or depending on historical context, may not even have a  surname ). 
 In this house, the women are  Mrs.  Wilson (or  Mrs.  Jack Wilson if there are two  Messrs.  Wilson in town),  Miss  Wilson (the eldest daughter),  Miss  Sadie Wilson (the younger daughter), and  Miss   Daisy  or just Daisy to children and adults respectively.  Regardless of her last name, the housekeeper, by  virtue  of being a  slave , is not permitted the  dignity  of a title and a last name, and so at best is called "Miss  first name ."  In this situation, calling Daisy " Miss  Daisy" was a sign of deference to her age, and a sign of  good manners  for a younger stranger or a fellow slave, but doesn't really denote any additional respect. 
 The subtle difference between "Miss Daisy" and "Miss Freeman" (let us assume now that Daisy  has been freed , and chosen a new surname to begin her life anew) is still present in the  American South .  If you meet an  African-American  woman in America, whatever form of address you're accustomed to, try to adapt to a usage that will not  insult  her: "Miss Freeman," " Ma'am ," or "Daisy" if you're friends, but  never  "Miss Daisy," especially if asking a favor or delegating a task.  The insult is subtle, but cuts deep, as this form of address is still used with some  housekeeper s today, and retains its  dehumanizing  overtone. 
 
 
 
 Bureaucracy  is  bureaucracy ; "let me check" means "no";  customer service  has nothing to do with customers or service. 
 With these three things in mind, I'd ask you to transport yourself to the  registrar 's office of a private  east coast   university  world-renowned for their research and  med school .  For the next few moments of your  otherwise dull --or for all I know  endlessly thrilling --life, you'll be me.  Me, as I was, an undergraduate, a  senior  at this school.  The registrar's office is where the papers move around, and where 120,000  small green pieces of paper  get traded on a regular basis for  add/drop  forms,  syllabi , and of course, a large  sheepskin  or paper facsimile thereof.  The words on this piece of paper, while written in  Latin , convey to  English -speaking people the  gravitas  of the place the paper was obtained.  The people who were working on the day which I am about to relate had no idea what  gravitas  was, but assumed it had something to do with saying "no" an awful lot. 
 Let's rewind.  My father, when he was in local  politics , taught me to smile and treat the secretaries and file clerks of the world with respect.  "Learn their names," he said, "because they can save you hours of torment, or bend the rules in your favor on a whim."  And I did.  I was friendly with Tess, and she with me, because I made  eye contact  and treated her like a human being.  From my first day at  college , I had never had a problem getting any paperwork handled, because Tess was on my side.  It was glorious. 
 It should have been simple: I needed to get my  ROTC  credits, earned at  University of Maryland , to show up on my transcript.  I had the transcript from  UMCP , the signed note from Kelly at the UMCP registrar's office, and a smile on my face.  I needed it done  that day , and had not been notified that today was the last day for such things; I just happened to have the afternoon free.  Lucky me.  On that day, however, Tess was not in. 
 Do I need to tell you what happened?  Let me try to compress the two hours into a few sentences: "You need to have this done today." "I can't accept a  photocopy  of this from you, I need to have it mailed." "They could  fax  it, but we'd still need to see a photocopy to cross-check." "I'm going to need your advisor or department chair's signature on this.  They're out today." 
 I  persevered .  I don't want to get into how we  finagle d the credits onto my transcript, but a very nice lady from the faculty of the school of  arts and sciences  signed off as a witness, and I got a  Dean  to sign something, too.  All in all, an ordeal I don't care to repeat.  Which brings me to my solution, which I worked out in detail as my girlfriend soothed my nerves with a warm and well-earned  mocha : 
 Labrador retriever s in  burlap  sacks. 
 Maybe there was too much  caffeine  in the mocha, but it should be apparent to anyone who's attended a university that their  number one  priority is  the bottom line , and the only person to whom one  passes a buck  is the  treasurer .   Money is God  at a private university.  So my plan is this: we replace all of the workers in the registrar's office (except  Tess , bless her heart) with  labrador retrievers in burlap sacks .  The cost savings is enormous, and the benefit to student  morale  almost equal in magnitude!  Let me explain a little further. 
 When you go into the registrar's office currently, one of two things happens: you either  get to see Tess; or you  spend as much time as you're willing to sacrifice getting angry, and watch, simmering, as the drone ineffectually makes the computer screen change from one "name, date of birth,  SSN " menu to another, and you come away with nothing but a frown.   For this privilege, you pay their salary.  Under my scheme, one of two things would happen: you either  get to see Tess; or you  spend as much time as you're willing to sacrifice giggling at the dog in the bag, and watch, snickering, as the dog ineffectually barks and prods his nose at the computer screen, and you come away with nothing but a  smile .   For this privilege, you pay for dog food,  pooper scooper s, burlap bags... the computer monitor wouldn't even have to be real!  And instead of droning, dejected whispers of  "This doesn't look good,"  and  "Let me look up the rules on that,"  and  "I think you're past the deadline,"  you'd hear nothing but Tess' helpful,  cheery  voice, backed up by an unceasing and eager chorus of  WOOF ing, and placid, ineffectual  bonk s of  Labrador retriever  noses on monitor glass.
 
 
 
 n.  - from " way ", meaning a road, and the noun form of " park ", not the verb "to  park ". 
 A parkway is a road with  landscaping .  Not necessarily the  scenic route , but any route on which a traveller encounters  greenery  by the road.  In cities, parkways are often formed by a pair of one-way  avenue s separated by a planted or landscaped  median .  Alternatively any route, city or country, which is adjacent to a  park  or  garden , or passes through a wooded area, can be named a parkway.
 
 
 
 In the city of  New Orleans ,  Louisiana , about a ten-minute drive west of  the French Quarter  on the south side of St. Charles Street, there is a park and a zoo named after  John J. Audubon .  The main drive through this park is essentially a  semicircle .  If you view this semicircle as the bottom half of a clock-face, and drive around the outside until you come to about 4  o'clock , you will see a massive  live oak  tree. 
 As poetic as "The Tree of Life" sounds, its real name is "Etienne de Bore", after  New Orleans ' first mayor  Jean Etienne de Bore , at whose wedding the tree was planted.  That was back in October of  1792 , making the tree over  two centuries  old.  It is a  Live Oak , or  quercus virginiana , and thus retains its coloration all year.  These mundane facts should not color your perception of the tree; it's bigger than these words. 
 The first time  I was ever in  New Orleans , this tree was introduced to me as "The Tree of Life" by  Ken , and  Josh ,  Jay , Jason & I all came along to see it.  As soon as its clearing came into view--a clearing which is home to many large trees--there was no question of which tree we were there to see.  It's simply  massive .  It sprawls through one's  sense of space ; it alters one's entire perception of the word " tree ."  
 The trunk measures over 26 feet in circumference; if it were circular and you knew  pi , you could estimate its  mean diameter .  The main lower branches extend out for at least 30 feet before touching the ground... and having rested their airborne bulk on the earth, give in to their  tropism s and arch upward again and continue to grow outward.  The exposed parts of the  root  system look like a giant wooden carving of a  lava  flow, and rest like a broad skirt around the base, easily covering a circle more than 20 feet in diameter.  Beards of  Spanish moss  grow from every available crevice.  The area that it covers in shade must be comparable to a baseball diamond, but  Abner Doubleday  himself, having seen this tree, would concede that the Tree of Life deserves the space far more than a sandlot. 
 The tree--of Life, Etienne de Bore, whatever you call it--is bigger than its strictly physical presence.  Even if you've seen pictures, I doubt you will understand what it is.  Like  so   many   other  things, it simply must be touched to be understood. 
 your  aerobie s are powerless here. 
 
 
 
 Sechium edule  is a member of the  Cucurbitaceae  ( gourd ) family, but is referred to variously as a fruit or vegetable. Well, there's its  Latin  name.  The mirliton (MER-lit-awn) or (MEL-it-awn) is also known as the  chayote  squash, or  vegetable  pear in America, and by a host of other names throughout warm climates everywhere.  It was brought to  bayou  country by the  Canary Island ers, who relocated to  Louisiana  when  Spain  took ownership of  New Orleans  from  France ; they called it "mirliton".  It was also domesticated by the  Aztec s, who called it " chayotl ".  It is "christophine" or "brionne" in much of the  West Indies , "chochoute" in  Madagascar  and  Polynesia , "xuxu" in  Brazil , "hayao uri" in  Japan , "tao tah" in the  Hmong  tongue,  and "chocho", "custard marrow", "pepinella", and more names throughout the world. 
 It is a pear-shaped  squash  with thin green skin, crunchy but very sweet white flesh, and edible seeds.  I had never heard of it until I bravely ate one stuffed at  NOLA ,  Emeril LaGasse 's restaurant in  the French Quarter  of  New Orleans , which happens to be mirliton's home turf in  America .  It was delicious and sweet, and I had it baked, stuffed with  crawfish  and  shrimp  with  sweet potato  shoestrings and a light cheese sauce.  It cost about $8.00, and would make a nice lunch by itself--it was delicious and worth it. 
 Most recipes for  mirliton  follow this vein; everywhere I looked, I saw recipes for mirliton  stuffed  with this or that.  The soft, sweet, neutral flavor and rich texture makes it ideal for stuffing.  Other approaches include baking it whole and eating it alone, but references also note that it can be served  creamed ,  buttered ,  fried ,  fritter ed,  boil ed,  mash ed,  pickled , in  salad s, in  soup s and  stew s, or in  pie s. In many countries the young shoots, flowers, seeds and roots are frequently eaten. The flesh of the mirliton is  nutritious  and low in calories and  sodium , and can frequently substituted for (or supplanted by)  summer squash  in dishes when one or the other is not available. 
 
 mad props  to http://www.rain.org/greennet/docs/exoticveggies/html/chayote.htm , among others. 
 
 
 
 Day 0  - The road to  Hell  is  I-265 
 My photographs tell the story of what happened, but I'll try to explain in words, as difficult as that may be.  I'll start with the car, because that was the beginning of the end.  We were going to rent a car, because my  co-pilot   Jason  doesn't drive  stick ; this means we would have to buy a  club , get extra insurance, and keep an eye on our watches the whole drive back.  It would have cost us lots of money, despite what the online ads told us.  It seemed that the longer I was on the phone with  customer service , the more this car would have cost us.  I think there was even a fee for  crossing the dashed line and hitting those stupid reflectors .  At the last minute, I said " fuck it ."  We took my  Honda Accord ,  fuzzy dice  and all, and we managed to make it through the entire weekend spending less than  forty US Dollars a day --for those  noder s who are afraid of the cost of such a gathering, let me  break it down .  For $40 a day, we got:
 The  Voodoo Music Festival , incl.  Better than Ezra ,  Bush , and  the Black Crowes ,
 Brunch at  The Court of Two Sisters ,
 A fill-up on  unleaded  in front of a  giant papier-mache chicken ,
 Monday night dinner at  NOLA , head chef  Emeril LaGasse ,
 Admission to the  Rocky Horror Picture Show  at  735 ,
 A wonderful place to crash (complete with  charming hostess ),
 ... and  so much more .  I never could have anticipated this all on Friday, but I came, knowing that I'd encounter far more than I ever expected.  Clearly, I have to break it down a little more. 
 First stop,  Nashville .  Having never met  mitzi  in person, we arrived, delirious but cheerful, wondering if  th ey  were stil expecting us.  Turns out they were.  Because of the time change to  Central Time , we gained an hour.  We wasted 10 or 15 minutes of it looking for  I-265 , which  does not exist  in Nashville anymore--be warned.  After an hour or so of  INVADER ZIM , I went to sleep on the fold-out couch, as did Jason.   Sunday Girl  attacked our fortified position with mixed results.  I remained asleep; Jason did not.  The  Columbus Posse  arrived: I remained asleep, Jason did not.   Day 1  -  First Contact 
 Morning came, and I awoke refreshed.   Jason  woke up, too.  After a brief stop at  AutoZone  for  The Club  and new wiper blades, we hit the road, abandoning  Apatrix  to  his gruesome fate  on the grounds that we wanted to spend as much time in  New Orleans  as possible.  Waved a quick goodbye to  ccunning ,  zot-fot-piq ,  Pyrogenic ,  brassmule ,  cahla ,  WonkoDSane ,  mitzi , and of course,  Sunday Girl . 
 ... 
 We filled up at exit 6 off of  I-65  south of Nashville.  There was a giant chicken.  I highly recommend it.   Master Ninja Theme Song ! 
 ... 
 We arrived at  Laura's  place  later on that same day .  Hugs all around, and again I was swamped with name-pairs.  "I'm Carson-- Byzantine .  My beard will surprise you into thinking I'm not in the  military ."  "I'm Angel-- oenone .  Later on I'm going to give you a  Badtz-Maru  keychain which will light your way home."  "I'm Laura-- Templeton .   I have more love in this little apartment that you'll find anywhere else in the city--and I'm importing more ." 
 Reunited with old friends from  Columbus  and  Appalachia  and already-new friends from  Nawlins , we posse'd up and went to dinner at  Angeli .  After a delicious burger, and a fascinating conversation about various  dogma  with  dann , we wandered around some more.   Suzy  showed up, with  blue-green hair  instead of the pink #2 buzz I remembered from  Columbus , and announced she'd be guiding some of us around  the Quarter .  We ended up  ricochet ing around until we found a nice bar on  Decatur  street.  In retrospect, we walked maybe 8 blocks.  It seemed like miles with all the sights and sounds.  When we got there, we divided our time between  keeping the ball out of the holes  and  putting the ball in the holes .  While waiting my turn to shoot, I noticed a scary amount of  grafitti  dedicated to the same phrase:  RIP Adam .  This was a noder gathering in a city full of  voodoo --expect the bizarre.  I took a photo, took a deep breath, and kept moving. 
 We went home after a bit, colliding with the lately arrived Columbus Posse and several more noders in tow; groups changed around just a bit, and a few of us made it back to  Laura 's.  I went to sleep after about 2 hours of intending to go clubbing at  735 .  I hear I missed a great time, but then I made up for it on 
 Day 2  -  Girls named Mary are trouble 
 October 27 has always been a weird day for me where girls are concerned.  This year, it was Marie.   Marie Laveau , Voodoo Queen of New Orleans.  Just like in  Easy Rider , we saw her grave.  But then, that whole bit was much later in the day.  We woke up parched and unaware of what was going to happen, and Jason & I wanted  orange juice .   OJ .  Is that too much to ask?  Apparently.  Being a  second lieutenant , I decided to get directions from  someone who would give me a straight answer .  The answer was, " Go that way until you can't, then turn right ."   Cafe DuMonde , here I come. 
 About two miles deep into the  ghetto ,  zot-fot-piq  suggests that perhaps we're going the wrong way.  We asked a painter directions.  His  patois  was worth being lost, and is one of the three memories I'm keeping all to myself and not sharing.  If you want to know how beautiful English can sound, get lost in the  ghetto  on St. Bernard street, and ask directions. 
 We turned around, headed back, and briefly chastised  Vasco de Gama  for his directions.  They were correct, you see--he'd just been facing the wrong way when he gave them.  Setting out for  Cafe DuMonde  once more, with  Magellan  and his girlfriend in two this time, we made it...  just after they had run out of the  orange juice  which we sought!  I vowed revenge, patiently remembering my quest for a  Butterfinger McFlurry  weeks earlier.  Ask me sometime.  It's a crappy story, but I like to tell it.  Oh, but lest you think it was a total failure, the sight of  Christoper Columbus  eating a  beignet  and getting  powdered sugar  all over himself was well worth it.  And them  beignet s were damn good. 
 At that point, our paths diverged.   Jason  and I had come to town with the expressed purpose of seeing  New Orleans  in all of its  gaudy  glory.  Despite little or no noder accompaniment, we wandered off.  We saw  Marie Laveau's  grave, listened briefly to a  spiel  about her from a tourist guide, and then in the pause between the two crowds of tourists, I left an offering, made a wish, and knocked three times.  I had forgotten the first rule I ever learned as  Jurph , which is:  Girls named Mary are trouble .   Marie was no different, and I have since learned to  be careful what you wish for . 
On our way back, we saw  Louis Armstrong Park , a  voodoo wedding , and some ducks which were clearly pure  evil .
 The day was only about half over. 
 I'm not sure how or why we got there, but we wandered around the waterfront with  zot-fot-piq  looking for an  oyster bar  which, we had been promised, would be full of  moist noder flesh .  We asked at least five times, "are there any oyster bars within a block of here?" and were told "no, but check that direction..."  Each time, we'd set off in a different direction and find one within a block--but no noders.  Finally, after a few confusing phone calls, we arrived at  Desire .  The food was delicious, the company exquisite:  noders make any meal taste better .  I  categorically deny  stealing  anything .  Lee, despite  panamaus ' apology, was a wonderful conversationalist--one simply could not ignore his opinions, and a lively discussion on the walk back ensued.  We were bound, you see, for the  Voodoo Music Festival . 
 When we got there,  Snoop Dogg  was on stage, asking for a moment of silence for the victims of  September 11, 2001 ; in his own words, "that's some real love."  I went off to a different stage and saw  Better than Ezra  finish their set.  I also saw a  heron , which should have been white, illuminated by the sunset, and it was a beautiful shade of red.  But I am selfishly hoarding its beauty; this is another one of the three memories I am keeping to myself.   Bush  came on, and played their hits.  It was fun, but I have never seen a crowd take less care of their own.  It made me appreciate noders that much more.  Finally, we wandered over to the last stage of the evening, and watched  The Black Crowes  play an awesome set.  The energy of the crowd rejuvenated me, and by the time we caught a cab (blaring  Bob Marley ) back to  Templeton 's place, I was ready to earnestly begin having fun.  It was well after 11pm. 
 You can read elsewhere about how I teased the drunk gay bicyclist.  You can also read elsewhere about what was in  Clover , or  what we all ate .  I spent my extra hour of  Daylight Savings Time  in that  fabulous  diner, telling  oenone  the  "Fuck You, Clown!"  joke, and singing along to  Gloria Gaynor  on the  jukebox .   Jason  ate the pickle slices off our plates--all of them in one bite--and broke the ice for the rest of the evening, which was now 1 a.m. again. 
 We moseyed over to  735 , and I was thrilled to find out that we were " on the list ".  It took me a moment to remember  aphexious ' real name, but she had indeed put our names in, and the word " Suzy " was enough to get us past the cage and onto the dance floor.   BAR  took our tickets-- huzzah  for noders infiltrating society!   Angel  had attracted a  fan , and we were all having a great time (as near as I could tell).  Just as my legs were beginning to regret the day,  Suzy  showed up.  Another hour of dancing, give or take, completely re-energized me.  Our local heroine slayed the stalker, and boogied like a woman possessed.  Covered in sweat but dizzy and happy, we all grabbed seats at the  bar .   Our gracious hostess for the evening  bought a round of drinks.  I don't drink except in a few rare circumstances, but her hospitality was  infectious ; I chose from the very short list of drinks I enjoy.   Guinness ?  None.  Jameson ?  Score.  So I had a Jameson, quickly.  It had been a long time since  Clover , I was likely  dehydrated  from the dancing, and, as I said,  I don't drink .  Deduce my reactions for yourself, or look at my photos.  I was in the company of friends, and enjoyed myself greatly; I don't plan to do it again in the near future, but then, I hadn't planned to do it this time. 
 My last memory of the day was trying to get home before first light so my mind wouldn't fuck up and reset.  I  loathe  having to readjust my internal clock.  I slept very well.  If I had to pick a day I enjoyed most, this was it.  A week later, and  I can still see flashes of the day burned into my memory vividly . 
 Day 3  - Can you spell  hedonist ? 
 My body was not pleased with me when I woke up, but I was not hung over.   Mad props  to everyone who told me to drink water.  A fast shower, and we were bound for the Quarter again, this time for brunch at  The Court of Two Sisters .  A long, noder brunch, and I had the distinct pleasure of sitting with  bozon .  She is an amazing woman with all kinds of stories to tell, and I wish I had seen more of her.   Dataknife  and I resumed a conversation we'd started at  Angeli , and got sidetracked into a million different threads.  We were on  Imperial Japan  when the  dixieland  combo arrived and played  Happy Birthday  to  toastido .   Huzzah !  Lest I forget the  E2 is people , this brunch reminded me.  I won't go into the  nipple -licking, but the omelette was good.  In fact, the food was the best I'd had all weekend at that point.  I thought I was giving my wounded body the treat of treats.  But I was wrong. 
 Many people began to leave, and the sad, quiet process of  noder attrition  began.  Hugs and goodbyes were exchanged, plans for another rendezvous were set, and those of us who were left went back to  home base .  Jason,  C-Dawg ,  m_turner  and I set out with  General Lee  and  panamaus  to enjoy  still more  of what the Quarter had to offer.  After a  forced march  quest for the elusive  Mint Julep , a trip back in time to a  Cartographer 's shoppe, and trying aggressively to get  Master Ninja Theme Song  out of my head (or into someone else's), we parted company with Lee &  panamaus .  Then the four of us who remained headed back towards  Emeril LaGasse 's restaurant  NOLA .  We looked through the glass door at the host, but he was clearly not in the mood to open the locked door for  riff raff  like us.  We called the number that was painted on the door from a cell phone, while standing next door to the restaurant.  A tin can and string could have done the job.  We were told that walk-ins were our best bet, but walking in would be risky.  After about an hour of wandering aimlessly, we  waltz ed in about 5 minutes before opening, were seated at the bar, and were served drinks by a  fairly attractive  redheaded bartender who reminded me of  Laura Prepon . 
 I'll be brief about my meal: I had the  mirliton   etouffe  with  crawfish  and  sweet potato  shavings in a light cheese sauce, the  hickory  smoked duck in a  pecan - bourbon  glaze with fresh corn,  haricot s, and  pecan s, and a  mocha - toffee   torte  in  creme Anglaise  with a  fudge  drizzle.  It cost about $50.   It was worth it. 
 We brought leftover duck back to  Templeton , and then she & I bored the other noders to tears playing  name tennis  from our  Delmarvalous  past.  That occupied the time between dinner and the  Rocky Horror Picture Show .  Again, we headed to  735 , and again, we were on  the list .  The speakers were far too loud, and hearing the  callback s wasn't really going to happen; I've never had to wear  earplugs  to Rocky before.  But  Science Fiction Double Feature  made it all worthwhile--most casts put on a  striptease , but how many casts put on a smoldering  lesbian  striptease that would be  illegal  in  Utah ?  Yow.  Lest I be accused of  misogyny , I'd like to say that their  Frank N. Furter  was also  very  sexy.  We had to head back right after the show, and so we said sad goodbyes to  aphexious ,  BAR ,  NightShadow , and  toastido , and wandered home again.  At some point, I fell asleep again. 
 Day 4  - How much longer can one weekend get? 
 Woke up hungry and thirsty.   Sir Edmund Hillary  wasn't there to give us confusing directions, so  Jason  & I managed to get to  Cafe DuMonde  before the  OJ  ran out.   Beignet s and  OJ ...  mmmmmmmmm .  Upon our return,  discofever --who I still regret not getting to hang out with more--led us to  BAR  &  aphexious ' place.  After catching everyone up on their cultural literacy ( Aphex Twin  and  eminem  videos for all!), and saying goodbye to  aphexious  and  BAR  once and for all, we headed to see the  Tree of Life .  After a  pit stop  by the dancing  James Brown  at  Walgreen 's, we saw the tree.  Call it the perfect end to a perfect weekend, and a great way to say goodbye to the raucous city--we played around like  monkeys  on the  rope swing .  I said goodbye (again!) to  NightShadow ,  toastido , and the ever-gracious  discofever .  We hit  I-10  and drove all afternoon to  Nashville , studiously avoiding  I-265 . 
 Day 5  - "North!  You want  I-65  North!!" 
 Scott ,  Sunday Girl ,  mitzi --thanks again.  For friendly bookends on each side of the trip, a welcome port at the almost halfway point, and of course, more wonderful conversations.  Oh, and thanks for breakfast at  Cracker Barrel , where I had  blackberry  pancakes for the first time ever.  Yum.  The drive north was mostly uneventful and relaxing.  Although I had problems getting used to looking for  I-65  north, my cheerful  navigator  kept me straight.  I think I pulled my  Achilles Tendon  on my clutch foot in traffic near  Louisville .  I got home in time to order a pizza, and watch " It's the Great Pumpkin, Charlie Brown " with my wonderful girlfriend Erica. 
 When I add up the damage--two hundred dollars, a hole in my jeans, a torn Achilles Tendon, sore legs, chapped lips, a stiff neck, and some scratched paint on my front bumper--and then try to count the benefits to compare, I realize they can't be counted, nor compared.
 
 When I got back from  my first gathering , I felt a  beautiful buzz  for days afterwards.  It was better than the rush of logging into  E2  for the first time, better than discovering  some insane editor  had decided that one of my nodes was  C! -worthy for the first time, better than when  Mary  said she'd go to the junior  prom  with me (after forgetting I'd asked for 2 weeks).  At the time, I kept saying the same thing over and over: " I've never met this many cool people at once ."  Well, now I've met you all again, some of you for the third or fourth time, and it's not just meeting people: it's  falling in love .  
 That dizzying rush like  vertigo  that enables noders to stay up  all night long , makes noders do  things they normally wouldn't , gives us all perspective into the lives of each other, no matter how dissimilar we appear to be--it's  falling in love , no two ways about it.  Just like when you meet the  camp counselor  who knows all 117 sailor knots and has big  McGyver  hair, or the  physics teacher  who can show you why  gyroscope s work and knows when the best time of day to visit a  Renaissance   cathedral  is, or the girl who's so electric that  your watch stops  and  you can taste sparks  in your mouth... it's a  crush , it's  passion , and it's  love .  This weekend, I fell in love with  all of you . 
 
 
 
 That's what the sign said.  It's been at least a year, but maybe you've seen the sign in another  head shop .  Maybe it was in a  glass blower 's store or a  pottery  studio.  The text of the sign goes something like this: 
 
 Don't say the  B-word! These are authentic  water pipe s for use with  tobacco  and  cloves   ONLY . { Your state here }  forbids me to sell you  drug paraphernalia , and I won't endanger my livelihood by selling you something  ILLEGAL . 
 I WILL SELL YOU:        I WILL NOT SELL YOU: 
" water pipe s"           " bong s"
"tobacco accessories"   " hookah s"
"glass sculptures"      " crack pipe s"
"centerpieces"          " hash pipe s"
"that really groovy     "that really groovy
 Alien -looking crazy-     Alien -looking crazy-
assed  vase ."            assed  BONG ." 
 If you don't know what to call it,  JUST POINT ! 
Otherwise, I  will  kick you out of the store and you  will not  be allowed to make any purchases here.  All purchasers of tobacco accessories must be 21 or older to comply with  State Law  regarding  tobacco  use. 
 
 Let me dwell on some of the intricacies of this sign--if they didn't have to hide behind  tobacco  laws, they could sell these to anyone.  That is to say, if  marijuana  were legal, the situation for a  minor  would suddenly become vastly different.  He or she could purchase the very same  water pipe , but would be forced to call it a " bong ," and could be carded and kicked out for calling it a " tobacco pipe ."  I'll let  NORML  work out the details on exactly how that would work out.  In the meantime, I'll finish my tale. 
 So I was in the  head shop  and my friend was getting her  belly button  pierced, when this kid walks in.  He's got a  Limp Bizkit  shirt on, and he's wearing a wool  toboggan  in the middle of  July , and this guy is so  cool  that he walks his baggy-pantsed, 15-year-old ass right past the sign that says " no minors ," and pauses to read the sign over the beaded curtain, leading into the roomful of intricate  glass sculptures .  He reads the sign, pushes through the beaded curtain, and as the owner walks back towards the area to ensure nothing  fishy  is happening, the kid pops his head through the curtain, holds out something out of an  M.C. Escher  painting, and asks loudly, 
 "Hey man, how much for this  BONG ?" 
 I have never seen a hippie move that fast--the kid was out on his ass and the bo-- water pipe  back in place in under 10 seconds.  The kid was ejected, and violently, 
not for being a  minor ,  
not for being a  pothead  or a  stoner , 
not for his  shitty taste in music , 
not for his attitude, 
 but for being so indescribably  stupid  as to disregard such a clearly-worded sign. 
 
 So please: when you go to your local  head shop , don't be an idiot.  Point, grunt, giggle, ask for a  water pipe , but don't wink... and don't say the B-word.
 
 
 
 "And the LO R D spake unto Moses, Go unto Pharaoh, and say unto h i m, Thus saith the LORD, Let my people go, that they may serve me.  And if thou refuse to let them go,  b ehold, I will smite all thy  b orders w it h f r ogs: And the r i ver shall  b ring forth frogs a b undantly, wh i ch shall go up and come in t o thine house, and into thy bed c hambe r , and up o n thy bed,  a nd into the house of thy servants, and upon thy people, and into thine ovens, and into thy  k neadingtroughs: And the frogs shall come up both on thee, and upon thy people, and upon all thy servants. And the LORD spake unto Moses, Say unto Aaron, Stretch forth thine hand with thy rod over the streams, over the rivers, and over the ponds, and cause  frogs  to come up upon the land of Egypt. And Aaron stretched out his hand over the waters of Egypt; and the  frogs  came up, and covered the land of Egypt." 
 -- Exodus 8 :1-6 
 Amphibians  from the sky are not just some biblical plague, some  deus ex machina  for a movie you happened to like, or an  old wives' tale .  Frogs fall from the sky, if not every year, then often enough that the phenomenon cannot be ignored or written off. 
 In August, 1804 near  Toulouse ,  France , a 
"tremendous number of little toads, one to two months old...were seen to fall from a great thick cloud that appeared suddenly in a sky that had been cloudless".  
In 1844, so many frogs fell on Sittingbourne, Kent, that a local clergyman said that, when he held out his hat, it was filled with the creatures in under three minutes. Newspapers compared the fall with the rain of toads on Acle, Norfolk, in 1653. On July 12, 1873, as reported in  Scientific American , 
"A shower of frogs which darkened the air and covered the ground for a long distance is the reported result of a recent rainstorm at  Kansas City, Mo ."
  
London newspapers reported that on August 17,1921 innumerable little frogs appeared during a thunderstorm in the northern part of  London .  Mrs S. Mowday went to see a Royal Navy display on the Meadow Platt in Sutton Park, near Birmingham, on June 12th, 1954, and recounted:  "I attended the display with my young son and daughter. It was a Saturday and there were frequent heavy showers...We tried to shelter from a shower under the trees...when we were bombarded by tiny frogs, which seemed to come down with the rain.  There were literally thousands of them. They descended on our umbrellas, on us and we were afraid to walk for fear of treading on them."  A British frog fall also occured in October 1987, when large numbers of  rose coloured albino frogs  fell on several occasions around  Stroud ,  Cirencester  and  Cheltenham .  Similar frogs, described as "pinkish in colour with an almost transparent skin," fell on  Croydon  in March 1998.
 Explanations vary, but few are satisfactory.  Some suggest that  waterspout s and  tornado s occasionally pick up a liter or two of fertilized frogs' eggs and then hang in the humid summer sky for weeks as the  tadpole s mature, nurtured in warm vapor and suspended by steady high-altitude winds.  The right kind of front moving north across  Africa  could pick up very young frogs in the jungles and drift north with them at high altitude to dump them on  England .   Sneff  tells me that "the waterspout picks up the entire contents of ponds, small lakes etc and lifts them into the sky."   To the more closed-minded, it may seem more believable that large  hail  fell, and then after the hail melted, bystanders noted frogs on the ground, revelling in the moist soil.  Does any of these explanations satisfy you completely?  Do any of them sound like something that could cause a hat to fill in three minutes of sustained amphibian precipitation?
 
 ribbit . 
 
 It is in the humble opinion of this narrator that this is not just "something that happens."  This cannot be " one of those things ."  This, please, cannot be that.  And for what I would like to say, I can't.  This was not just  a matter of chance --these strange things happen  all the time . 
 
 
 
 The  Chesapeake Bay  is a coastal feature of America's east coast fed by the  Susquehanna River  (among others).  It forms the western side of the  Delmarva Peninsula  and is the sole body of water that makes  Norfolk, VA ,  Baltimore, MD , and  Annapolis, MD  viable port cities.  Crossing onto the  Delmarva  peninsula can only be accomplished by the  Delaware Memorial Bridge , the  Chesapeake Bay Bridge , the Bridge-Tunnel, and overland through northern  Delaware . 
 The Chesapeake Bay Bridge-Tunnel connects  Virginia Beach  to the peninsula down by  Cape Charles , and comprises 17.6 miles of  US 13  from shore to shore.  Because the Bay Bridge-Tunnel is a  trestle  and  causeway  fo the bulk of its length, and has several  piers  (at the  tunnel  openings), it is much more stable than a  suspension bridge  of similar length.  Besides serving as a land link, the point of the Bridge-Tunnel is not to restrict  US Navy  and  commercial   shipping  from  Norfolk  and  Baltimore .  A  suspension bridge  might have accomplished this goal, but the Bridge-Tunnel is a cheaper and more  elegant  solution.  It's made up of 12 miles of low-level  trestle , 2 one-mile-long  tunnel s, 2  bridge s, 2 miles of causeway, 4 manmade islands and 5-1/2 miles of approach roads.  Ships can get through in four places:  under the bridge s, and over both tunnels.  The  causeway  takes the bridge overland across  Fisherman Island , a  barrier island  which includes the  Fisherman Island National Wildlife Refuge . 
 Each of the manmade islands is about 10 acres each and sits about 30 feet above the waterline, and at the southernmost island there is a  restaurant ,  fishing pier ,  gift shop  (complete with  fridge magnets ), and coin-operated  binoculars .  On occasion, you'll see  submarine s and the occasional  aircraft carrier  from  Atlantic Fleet Headquarters  at  Norfolk, VA --great fun for the kids and any  military  buffs.  Even more interesting is to approach a tunnel and see a ship which appears to be driving "through" the road ahead due to the curvature of the earth.  Birder s and  ornithophiles  may write to the Bridge & Tunnel Commission for permission to stop briefly on each of the islands for  bird-watching  purposes.  I imagine that permission isn't hard to come by. 
 Some miscellaneous facts and figures, courtesy of the Bridge-Tunnel official website: 
 Opening dates:  Northbound 2 lanes,  April 15, 1964  - Southbound 2 lanes,  April 19, 1999 .  In case you're thinking something  pedantic , from 1964-1999, the current "northbound" span was one lane in each direction.
 Building time:  Northbound,  42  months - Construction began on  September 7, 1960 , and the project was opened to traffic on  April 15, 1964 .   Southbound , 46 months - Construction began  June 16, 1995 , and the project was opened to traffic on  April 19, 1999 .
 Cost:  Northbound, $200, 000,000  financed by the sale of  revenue bonds . No  tax dollars  were used. Southbound,  $ 197,185,777 financed by the  Chesapeake Bay  Bridge and Tunnel District and the sale of  revenue bonds . No  tax dollars  were used. 
 Tunnels Thimble Shoal Tunnel: 5,734 feet in length 
Chesapeake Channel Tunnel: 5,423 feet in length   Tunnel Clearances: 24 feet horizontal; 13 feet 6 inches vertical
 Rock armor  for manmade islands:  1,183,295 tons
 
 
 
 
 A metaphor for any paired  motivational tools :  Threat  and  incentive ,   risk  and  reward ,   bad  and  good ,   excruciating pain  and  sex . 
 The " stick " is the bad side--I will beat you with it if you do not comply.  The " carrot " is the good side--I will feed it to you if you do comply.  Let's avoid confusion right now and allow me to point out that "Stick and Carrot" has nothing to do with  dangling a carrot in front of  a  donkey  so he perpetually chases it.  That's the proper use of the carrot--the perpetual incentive--but it completely ruins the  yin  and  yang  of the situation, and confuses the daylights out of people about what the stick is really for.  If it were that  cliche  image from cartoons, it would be called "Carrot and Stick and String." 
 To be effective, the carrot needs to be a tangible reward, but the stick needs to be a tangible threat.  Various theories on  behavioral science  talk about to what extent one should use a stick or a carrot, but  YMMV : experiment a little bit. 
 It is important to note that the  stick  doesn't have to be a physical punishment, and the  carrot  doesn't have to be food.  If your subject enjoys watching  The Simpsons , the carrot could be permitting him to watch.  If your subject dislikes a certain song, the stick could be  playing that song over and over and over again .  And if your subject is allergic to carrots, or is into  S&M , it's entirely possible that your stick could be a carrot and your carrot a stick. 
 
 
 
 Alright kids, here's the dirty truth.  I almost burned down  zot-fot-piq 's house the other day, using a combination of  sucrose ,  polyethylene glycol ,  a strong oxidizer ,  aluminum , and sheer stupidity.  In this writeup, I'm going to tell you:
 
 How I did it
 What went wrong
 How I kept it from going more wrong
 How we cleaned up, and
 Why you should never do this, or let me do this, near your house.
 
 How  I did it 
 I've been burning stuff since I was old enough to be told " don't play with fire ."  Since joining the  military  and learning all about  hypergolic  reactions, I had been eager to try one myself.  Here's the thing about hypergolics: they're  high energy  reactions, and they almost always  outgas  something toxic.  So, I set about carefully lighting off small-scale reactions in  the great outdoors , where presumably a few litres of  chlorine gas  wouldn't hurt anyone.  The reaction vessels were easy to make--typically an  aluminum can  cut in half--and the materials were readily available  household chemical s.  Only once did I fail to take adequate safety precautions, and luckily, nobody got hurt.  Well, now it's twice, and I got a little hurt. 
 We went outside with the  video camera , the  chemical s,
and (I must stress again) sheer stupidity.  We set up the reactor in a parking lot, added the  fuel  to the  oxidizer , and backed off.  The reaction usually takes a minute (almost exactly) to kick off, and we waited... and waited... and nothing happened.  We got jittery, I chickened out, and we decided to scrub the "launch."   Here is the stupidest thing I could have done:   I walked up to it. 
 Contrary to every natural law of  just deserts  and  coincidence , it did not explode all over me.  I did not lose an eye.  I doused it with about a gallon of water.  I poured the guts out, but there was a small pile of wet, cakey  reagent  left at the bottom.   For those of you who don't know anything about  hypergolic s, this is a  bad thing .  Once a hypergolic reaction is set up, you might as well let it go.   I carried the (theoretically  inert ) reactor inside, intending to wash out the rest of the chemicals in the  loo .
 What went wrong 
 The  loo  was  occupied .  As I stood there trying to figure out where else to douse this  aluminum   time bomb  in my hands, I felt it begin to heat up.   Hypergolic  reactions are, by definition,  exothermic .  I also heard a faint  hiss , which let me know the water in the mix was happily beginning to  boil  off.  Again: a  bad thing .  I'm not certain, but I believe my exact words were: 
"Oh shit, oh shit  fire in the hole !" 
 The reaction is characterized by an approximately one  minute  delay, a two or three second hissing accompanied by the release of  chlorine  gas and thick  petroleum -based smoke, and then a sharp increase in the reaction's  exothermic  character.  On some occasions, this reaction has produced a  plume  easily 3m in height lasting for up to 10 seconds.   Fire in the hole , indeed. 
 This one was smaller, but still quite enough to make me dislike holding on to it. 
 What I did to keep it from going more wrong 
 I threw it out the second-story window.  The screen did not cooperate, so the bulk of the heat dissipated at the screen and out through it, but the vessel and the remaining burning  fuel  and  oxidizer  were in the window sill.  I grabbed it, tossed it to the floor, and stepped on it with my  combat boots .  The  smoke detector  went off, and then stopped.  I was engulfed in a cloud of  chlorine  gas, thick oily  smoke , and (yes)  sheer stupidity .  The stomping part, though... that was a  good idea .  Perhaps the only one I had all night. 
 How we cleaned it up 
 This bit's pretty simple.  Douse it with water, soak it up with something  expendable  or towels you don't mind bleaching to splotchy white  (sorry,  Bart ) .  Don't mess with the clumps of crud until after they've cooled down and/or hardened into lumps of  Calcium Carbonate  or  Calcium Chlorate .  Wash your hands after handling any of this stuff, because it can't be good for you.   Believe me . 
 Clean scorch marks by  sanding  and  staining   hardwood s.  Replace bleached carpet or (for the  adventurous  type,  bleach  to match]).   Shave  scorched carpet-- bald  is better than  charred , usually.  Unless Bart is more industrious and fastidious than I expect, he has not fixed the scorch marks. 
 Why you should never do this, or let me do this, near your house 
 Because in large quantities it's probably  against the law .  Because in small quantities, it doesn't do anything but  outgas   chlorine , which is an irritant at best, and  toxic  at worst.  Because  renter's insurance  probably doesn't cover  arson  by stupidity.  Because neither of the  reagent s are particularly healthy chemicals to begin with.  Because you might  burn down a friend's apartment .  Because you enjoy having ten fingers and being able to breathe without a machine.  Because it is, essentially, an unregulated  hypergolic   chemical  reaction, and  playing with fire  is unbelievably stupid. 
 
 
 
 Yo ! From the  Official Scrabble Players' Dictionary  (official for  America  only,  btw ), here  is  a list  of  the words that you can make when you have  no  other options,  when you feel like being a two-year-old , when you need to rack up a bajilion points with one well-placed " X ",  or  when you're feeling  pedantic  and want someone  to  challenge your word  so  you can take  an  extra  go   on  that  triple word score  square.   Tournament  players have this list memorized; world-class players  do  the  three letter Scrabble words  as well.  There are some who have even learned the  four letter words --and your mother told you what happens to people who learn too many four letter words, right? 
 But I digress.  Here, for your  Scrabble  pleasure,  morbid curiosity , and your  burgeon ing vocabulary,  it   is :
 
 AA 	rough, cindery  lava 
 AB 	 abdominal  muscle 
 AD 	 advertisement 
 AE 	one ( UK ) 
 AG 	pertaining to agriculture 
 AH 	 interjection  expressing understanding 
 AI 	 three-toed sloth 
 AL 	 East Indian  tree 
 AM 	 be , conjugated: to exist, 1st person 
 AN 	indefinite article 
 AR 	the letter ' R ' 
 AS 	to the same degree 
 AT 	in the location of 
 AW 	interjection expressing disbelief 
 AX 	 to cut with an ax 
 AY 	aye, yes 
 BA 	eternal soul in  Egyptian  mythology  
 BE 	to exist 
 BI 	bisexual 
 BO 	pal 
 BY 	side issue 
 DE 	of, from 
 DO 	to execute/first tone of musical scale 
 ED 	education {OSPD3} 
 EF 	letter ' F '  
 EH 	interjection used to indicate lack of understanding  
 EL 	letter ' L ' 
 EM 	printer's measurement 
 EN 	printer's measurement 
 ER 	interjection expressing hesitation 
 ES 	letter ' S ' 
 ET 	ate 
 EX 	letter ' X ' 
 FA 	fourth tone of  diatonic musical scale   
 GO 	to leave  
 HA 	sound expressing triumph 
 HE 	male person 
 HI 	interjection used as a greeting 
 HM 	interjection expressing thought  
 HO 	interjection used to attract attention to something 
 ID 	part of psyche related to instinctual impulses  
 IF 	possible condition 
 IN 	influence 
 IS 	to be, third person 
 IT 	person playing  tag /indefinite pronoun 
 JO 	sweetheart  
 KA 	Egyptian spiritual self  
 LA 	sixth tone of diatonic musical scale 
 LI 	 Chinese  unit of distance 
 LO 	interjection used to attract attention 
 MA 	mother  
 ME 	pronoun referring to myself 
 MI 	third tone of diatonic musical scale 
 MM 	interjection expressing satisfaction 
 MO 	moment 
 MU 	 Greek  letter 
 MY 	possessive prounoun 
 NA 	no  
 NE 	born with the name of (nee) 
 NO 	negative reply 
 NU 	 Greek  letter 
 OD 	 hypothetical force of natural power   
 OE 	 Faroean  wind 
 OF 	coming from 
 OH 	exclamation 
 OM 	mantra used in meditation 
 ON 	not off 
 OP 	style of abstract art 
 OR 	the color gold, esp. in  heraldry 
 OS 	orifice/bone/ridge of sand (esker) 
 OW 	interjection expressing sudden pain 
 OX 	 hoofed mammal /clumsy person 
 OY 	interjection expressing dismay 
 PA 	father  
 PE 	 Hebrew  letter 
 PI 	 Greek  letter 
 RE 	second tone of diatonic musical scale  
 SH 	interjection used to urge silence (shh)  
 SI 	seventh tone of diatonic musical scale (also:  ti ) 
 SO 	fifth tone of diatonic musical scale 
 TA 	thanks  
 TI 	seventh tone of diatonic musical scale 
 TO 	toward 
 UH 	interjection expressing hesitation  
 UM 	interjection expressing hesitation 
 UN 	one 
 UP 	to raise 
 US 	objective pronoun for "we" 
 UT 	musical tone in French solmization system 
 WE 	plural pronoun  
 WO 	woe 
 XI 	Greek letter  
 XU 	 Vietnamese  monetary unit 
 YA 	you  
 YE 	you 
 YO 	interjection used to call attention  
 
 
 
 
 The second song on  Phish 's 2000 album  Farmhouse  bears a resemblence to songs like  Limb by Limb  and  Ghost  from their previous album,  The Story of the Ghost .  The up-tempo feel, the simple four-chord vamp in a staggering rhythm, and the silly "Woo!" shouts during the chorus make this an ample starting point for a second-set jam live, but on  Farmhouse , as a studio track, it falls a little flat.  Perhaps it's the short and almost vacant lyrics--if there were more silliness or more meaning in these words, or even a more creative, intense jam, I'd recognize it as  Phish .  Sadly, it's almost a throwaway track on the album; I recommend picking up a live cut of it and crossing your fingers.
 
 Lyrics: 
 {whispered and mumbled} 
 doom,  doom ,  doom , tomb... 
 boom , boom, boom,  hum ... 
I spoke your  name  for many days 
Pronouncing it in several ways 
 --Ah! 
 
 I spoke your name  for many days 
Pronouncing it  in several ways 
 And moving letters all around 
And substituting every sound 
 
And when you heard the end result, 
I told you  it was not my fault : 
If you were here more of the day, 
 It wouldn't twist around that way . 
 Woo! 
 { jam , with various overlaps of:} 
Wouldn't twist around 
 (wouldn't twist around)  
that way:  Woo !
 (wouldn't twist around) 
 
 
 {over party noises, laughing, and fading jam,  Trey  sings alone:} 
 wouldn't twist around, 
wouldn't twist around, 
wouldn't twist around, 
 wouldn't twist around, 
 wouldn't twist around, 
 wouldn't twist around, 
 wouldn't twist around, 
 wouldn't twist around... 
 
 
 
 
 ( n .)  ( ahp -seck) : 
 Military   acronym  - OPerational SECurity.  Most familiar when summed up by the  WWII  American  propaganda  " loose lips sink ships ," OPSEC is the practice of masking one's intent by keeping secrets.  In wartime, the destinations and manifests of  cargo  transports are kept secret, because from those seemingly harmless pieces of information, troop strength and locations can be inferred.  If an enemy operative learns that  cargo planes  are departing once a week with 420,000  MRE 's, then it's  trivial math  to deduce that somewhere near that plane's destination there are 20,000 people who require food.
 In a society with a  free press , OPSEC is even more difficult to practice.  Because news agencies compete to make the most information public, there is an evolutionary pressure on news organizations to find out things that are supposed to be  secret .  At the first hint of an  air war , local TV stations set up cameras just outside the fences at  air force  bases and take footage of our aircraft taking off.  During  Desert Storm ,  CNN  showed planes leaving  Saudi Arabia  live on  TV , allowing anyone with a copy of  Jane's  to calculate when they'd hit  Baghdad .  Anyone with an interest in shooting down those aircraft would have advance warning--certainly not the intent of the news crew! Those are the easy examples of  OPSEC --you ask the news crew to be more subtle in their reporting, or to delay broadcast of certain images.  The hard part of  OPSEC  is cleaning up the fingerprints you didn't know you were leaving.  The first people outside the  Pentagon  to know that we had entered a shooting war with  Iraq  were not  soldiers .  They were not  reporters .  They were  Domino's Pizza  managers in the  Washington, D.C.  area, who got calls from several branches at once, saying that there had been a massive run on deliveries to the  Pentagon  and that they needed more staff to help out. 
 
 
 
 Disclaimer :  The Management  will not be held responsible for any charges brought against you or your party guests in any court-- local ,  state ,  federal ,  international  or  military --any  damage  that results to you, your guests, your possessions, your car,  your souls , your  french fries , or your  adorable dog . 
 
 These are  by no means  definitive rules for preparing your abode for a  shebang .  These are not the things  Mr. Rogers  will tell you if you call him up and ask "how can I throw a party for all my friends?"  These are not  official  in any way.  These  are  some guidelines I gave  czeano  when he threw  Nature Trail to Hell in 3-D: A Very Appalachian E2 Gathering (OF DOOM!) , which I learned the hard way after four years of  drunk -proofing a  row house in Baltimore  for  a cappella parties . 
 The Place 
 First, you need to  drunk-proof  your place.  If there won't be any  alcohol ,  dancing ,  caffeine , or  frolicking  at the planned party, you may skip this step.  However, once a party starts, it's difficult to stop; it will gain  momentum .  Always plan for the party to go  one notch louder  than you're expecting. 
 To drunk-proof a house, look at it through the eyes of a two-year-old with a hammer, and/or a  Jack Russell Terrier .
Walk from room to room asking, " what in this room could make a big mess? "  Fix it: lock it up, hide it under a weighted tarp, place it in cold storage, wrap it in  pillow s, pour it into a  55 gallon drum  and send it to  Utah --just don't leave it out.  Repeat as needed.  You'll find in the course of cleaning up that a certain amount of  off-limits  area is needed to store the dangerous/tempting/toxic stuff. Signage  for doors is essential.   OFF LIMITS  and  THIS IS A BATHROOM  and  THIS IS NOT A BATHROOM  and  NO SMOKING INSIDE OR I'LL KICK YR ASS and  NO PUDDING BEYOND THIS POINT  and  It would not be a funny funny joke to lock the sleeping people in the basement p.s. please  and  Aquarius  are all good signs for a party.  Write them in large non-blurry letters as  unambiguously  as possible on paper that contrasts with your doors.  Affix them with  Scotch tape , painter's  masking tape ,  gaff tape , or something else that won't leave a mark. 
 Place liners in all of your  trash cans . This facilitates a quick change--some cans will fill up in a few hours, others won't get any trash at all--and also ensures that nobody has to scrub out trash cans later.  Keep spare liners in the trash can so if someone moves a full bag, they won't have to come ask you about trash bags and get sidetracked. 
 It's important to have this done before the guests arrive--the first few arrivals might be cool with helping you set up while the party spins up, but don't count on it.   Be prepared . 
 The Stuff 
 Once you've drunk-proofed and put up a bunch of signs, you may notice that your house looks somewhat  sterile .  Don't despair.  There are lots of things you can place in the path of partygoers that will hold their attention better than Aunt Edith's  Faberge Egg .  Feel free to adjust this list to fit your budget, crowd, and timespan--for example, if it's ten people and nobody's staying over, don't bother with extra toilet paper.  Improvise,  adapt and overcome :
 deck(s) of  playing cards 
 a giant box of crayolas and a stack of paper
 name tags
 smoking  amenities--if you provide clearly marked  ashtrays  (even  Coke  cans with "ASHTRAY" written on them in marker) then  smokers  won't improvise with your household goods as much
 toilet paper in abundance
 frisbee (s) or  aerobie (s)
 cheap Sam's Club towels 
 Rubik's Cube ,  magazine s,  tennis ball s,
 juggling balls , etc.  This may be in the bring-your-own category; the important thing is that, at 2am when the dancing stops, what to people have in their hands while they talk?
 Stuff to sit on to facilitate conversation.  Cheap chairs, lawn chairs, pillows with throwaway covers, lawn blankets, air mattresses, couches,  futon s... ANYTHING, but make sure people can sit in clusters and do the talkie-talkie-talkie  GTKY  thing that makes a party.  Unless you have a very big house, you don't have enough seating for everyone already.  Go get some.
 
 The Consumables 
 Food ,  drink ,  dessert ,  snacks ,  munchies ... all of this may be required at your party.  If people are coming from out of town, they will want  a cold drink  when
they get in from the road.  You'll want  cooler s and  ice  in abundance.  If you have a freezer, empty it out in the week before the party for ice storage.  Figure one cup-ful of beverage ice per person per 2 hours (most people don't ice  beer  or  liquor ), and additional ice if you're going to fill a cooler or a  wash tub  for cans & bottles. 
 Food is tricky, and all depends on the party.  A  barbecue   grill  is great because you can  marinade  before the party, fire it up at will, and cook until everyone is happy or  the meat's gone .  If you're not blessed with a grill, consider a filling dip, with  beans ,  meat , or  soy , and lots of chips.  Your goal in preparing a big meal is to have something that everyone can eat (take  kosher  and  vegetarian  lifestyles into account) that you don't have to make for everyone individually.  Ponder a  buffet -style meal, or a  pot luck  if it's going to be a long-term  shindig . 
 Munchies are a little easier, and you can't really go wrong.  Well, sardine-and-garlic potato chips may not be everyone's favorite flavor, but  Opus  likes 'em, right?  Right.  Well, for everyone else, anything with  peanut butter  in it is nutritionally dense--not necessarily healthy, but filling.  A jar of peanut butter and a few bags of pretzel rods go a long way the day after a  debauch .  Alternatively, let me recommend a drum of pretzels; not sure why, but drunk people love 'em. 
 Food, munchies, ice: tough.  Drinks: simple!  People will almost certainly  BYOB  to a large party, to share their tastes in alcohol.  People will trade  beer s, mix  exotic home-brewed hooch  in your kitchen, and generally take care of getting themselves drunk.  It is, however, a good idea to provide a  base .  One large bottle each of  vodka ,  rum ,  whiskey , and perhaps  bourbon , as well as 2 liters of each of the major soda varieties, is a good starting place; improvise from there depending on time, budget, and guest list.  As in  Say Anything , it helps to have a  weapon of choice .  You don't have to make  Purple Passion  or  The Blue Drink , but a  punch bowl  can save you alcohol--if that's what everyone is drinking, then people may be less inclined to drink straight personal doses out of your stock. 
 The Blast Radius 
 I hope you haven't started without considering what to do when the party winds up, and what to do when it winds down.  Beforehand, you'll want to have a broom & dustpan, a  mop  & bucket, rags (figure one or two per room),  Lysol  or similar disinfectant, and a few extra trash bags.   Rubber gloves  may be useful for the squeamish or if there are a large number of strangers at the party.  Notify your neighbors that you're having a party at least a week in advance, and if you think they'd enjoy it, invite them to come.  It might be polite to offer to buy them movie tickets or a gift certificate to a nice local place for that night, so they don't have to be there during the peak.  This may also soothe their nerves and keep them from bringing the  polizia  down on you.  Signs clearly identifying your house and  a map showing where it's okay to park  are good things to put on your front door. 
 Be aware that when the party winds down, some guests will almost certainly be willing to help clean up--be ready to lead this activity.  If they say, "what can we do?" and you don't have any ideas, they may not help unless they've got mad  situational awareness  and  initiative  (roll  d10 ).  With the cleaning supplies you prepared, you won't have to think twice--sweep, mop, take down signs, do a sweep for trash.  Your guests, grateful for the party you threw, will be glad to help. 
 
 One last thing : because you're hosting this thing, it may be more stressful than relaxing from your perspective.  Find one or two friends who have their  shit together , whom you trust to make snap decisions in your absence, and ask them to keep their eyes open during the party, or even cover for you while you step onto the  dance floor  or what-have-you.
 
 
 
( n. )  military   slang :  Lieutenant Colonel . 
 Calling a  lieutenant colonel  a " light " colonel--implying a lack of weight to throw around--may stem from the  abbreviation  for the  rank  in the  English  language:  LtC  or ( archaic )  LtCol .   Phonetically , it's not much of a leap.  The nickname also helps distinguish a  light colonel  from a " full bull ," " full bird ,"  O6 --a  "full" colonel .
 However, one doesn't address an  O5  as "Light Colonel Remington," though; it's  improper  to the point of being rude, particularly for subordinates.  I can't stress  this enough-- it's simply not done.  You call a light colonel " Colonel " or " Lieutenant Colonel " or " Sir " or " Ma'am ".  Just like " veep ," it's a slang term for clarification when the subject isn't around: 
"Did you see  Colonel McGinty  got command of the new  wing ?" 
"He's just a  light colonel , right?" 
"Yeah, but he's a  fast burner --that's how he got a  wing !  He'll make  full bird  this year." 
 
 
 
 Phish  are not exactly hesitant to cover a song in concert, but  Page McConnell  has so much respect for " Loving Cup " that he wouldn't play it until  Phish  were big enough to tour with a  grand piano .  It was a good decision--that  intro , with  Keith Richards  behind it, lets you know you've found a great song. 
 In  1972 , the  Rolling Stones  released  Exile On Main Street  on two records, an album that contains few well-known  top 40  hits, but consistently makes  critic s'  top 100 lists , and occasionally makes people's  Top 10 .  Sandwiched between  Sweet Black Angel  and  Happy  (or the end of  Side 2  for you  vinyl   fetish ists]),  Loving Cup  is one of those songs you want to keep listening to from the first time you hear it. 
 The  piano  intro doesn't make any apologies: it's quiet,  blues y, and vaguely reminiscent of  Elton John 's work around the same period.  The strummed and picked  guitar  comes in with the lyrics, probably both by  Mick Jagger --the  lead guitar  could be  Mick Taylor .   Charlie Watts  and  Bill Wyman  hold back on the reins and doesn't even touch  the drums  or  bass  until the first  chorus , and then a curious thing happens.   Jimmy Miller , the album's  producer , hops in on  percussion  with  Charlie Watts !  Before the  horn s start in on  the bridge , there's an  electric guitar --that's the  other Mick --and finally, halfway through the song, it's built up  from a  minimalist   ballad  to a  wall of sound . 
 The complexity of the layered sound-- yes,  wharfinger , that's a  steel drum ! --makes this a great song for quietly picking apart at home,  with  or  without  a friend.  It's also great on the road, with its wistful,  lovelorn  lyrics, or at a quieter  party  because of the easy, friendly tune.  You can't miss with this tune. 
 And as much as I love  Phish , the Stones did it better. 
 
{{lyrics}} 
 
I'm the  man on the mountain , come on up.  
I'm the plowman in the valley with  a face full of mud .  
Yes, I'm fumbling and I know my car don't start.  
Yes, I'm stumbling and  I know I play a bad guitar .  
 
 Give me little drink!  --from your loving cup.  
 Just one drink!  --and I'll  fall down drunk .  
 
I'm the man who walks the hillside  in the sweet summer sun .  
I'm the man that brings you  roses  when you ain't got none.  
Well I can run and jump and fish, but I won't fight  
You, if you want to  push and pull with me all night .  
 
Give me little drink! --from your loving cup.  
Just one drink!  --and I'll fall down drunk.  
 
 I feel so  humble  with you tonight,  
Just sitting in front of the fire.  
 I see your face dancing in the flame ,  
I feel your mouth kissing me again,  
 What a beautiful buzz , what a beautiful buzz,  
What a beautiful buzz,  what a beautiful buzz .  
Oh,  what a beautiful buzz , what a beautiful buzz!  
 
 
Yes, I am  nitty gritty  and my shirt's all torn,  
But I would love to  spill the beans  with you till dawn.  
 
Give me little drink! --from your loving cup.  
Just one drink!      --and I'll fall down drunk.  
 
 
(written by  Keith Richards  &  Mick Jagger )

 
 
 
 So first, you need to know that it's pronounced " Chuck   Paula  -  Nick ," and yes, the last name is an amalgamation of his grandparents' names, and as far as I can tell it's not a  pen name .  At least, he lists his parents as having the same last name on his official  bio , and claims to be of  French  and  Russian  descent.  This is, of course, the guy who made up  Tyler Durden --perhaps  all bets are off . 
 Next, you need to know that he did a lot of real-world research for  Fight Club --he has sat in on  support groups , he has been a  blue collar  worker.  He was a mechanic who serviced  diesel engine s for  Freightliner .  He is a member of the  Portland  chapter of  the national cacaphony society --a real-world  Project Mayhem .  And he knows  how to make explosives with soap . 
 He was born in  1962  or thereabouts, and so several cultural milestones come to mind.  He grew up with  space monkeys  in the news.  He probably watched  the first moon landing .  And he was turning 18 just as  MTV  hit the airwaves.   His angst-ridden early twenties were spent in the thick of  80's   capitalist   conspicuous consumption .  Just as he was getting to the age where frequent and promiscuous sex was considered  kosher , America found out about  AIDS  and  HIV .  Those of you his age already have his  historical perspective ; the rest of us can only imagine how it shaped him.  If you've read his books, that part isn't hard. 
 First, he wrote  Invisible Monsters .  The publishers didn't want it, so he wrote  Fight Club  as  a big "fuck you" to mass-media publishing .  His editor loved it, and it was his first published novel.   I am Jack's  throbbing sense of  irony .  Next up was  Survivor , released, unfortunately, with awful timing.  The  TV  show gained the cultural currency for the name that his book deserved: it roasted  religion ,  pop culture ,  sentimentality , and  follower s.  The pages were numbered backwards;  America , not wanting to be bothered with that  icky   frontal lobe  thing, decided to sit in front of the  boob tube  instead.   Invisible Monsters  was published when critics finally recognized his writing for its easy style and thorough lack of respect for  tradition for tradition's sake .   Choke  was published-- sex  addicts,  support group s, the  Heimlich Maneuver , and a  colonial village  of  stoner s--and snapped up by eager fans.  Anyone who appreciates what he has done is waiting for  Lullaby  to come out.  One of the  drone s I work with said " Fight Club  was the worst movie I'd ever seen, right down there with  The Usual Suspects ."  He'll probably just go watch  Survivor . 
 You can count on his books to ring of  pop culture  because he grew up in it.  Immune to advertising, and sick of it all the same, I imagine he sees himself as a character in a novel one of his friends is writing.  Look at all of his books: the narrator is the main character, but the most interesting character is the spectator who turns that role around.  While  Chuck Palahniuk  writes about  Tyler Durden  or  Fertility Hollis , they reach back out of the page and change the narrator's character--they force life to happen!   Because of this self-referential attitude, and because he refuses to take anything seriously, even in his own work, he's been labelled " postmodern ."  Because he  is   Tyler Durden  in many ways, he's been subjected to the abuse of the  sheep  whom he abuses in print.  And because he doesn't take them seriously, either, I'll keep reading his books. 
 
 addendum: I've read  Lullaby  now and enjoyed it, but he tried too hard to make it 'important'.  Whenever he needed a way to say something was important, he simply repeated a line from the first two chapters on its own line. 
 
 
 
 Today I went to the  grocery store , and it made my day.  There, by the cold bottled foods, the  orange juice  and the  milk  and also the  yogurt , a mother was picking  cheese .  Her two daughters, both children by anyone's reckoning, were with her.  The younger was maybe three, the elder maybe six.  The smaller girl pinched her face into a frown, bared her teeth, and began stomping  zealous ly on her sister's  flip-flop -shod feet. 
 
 The older sister took the younger by the shoulders gently, pulled her close, and kissed her forehead. 
 
 
 
With eyes flashing like  Hemingway ’s zealous 
 Prose , or his  shotgun  sprayed scarlet, 
 Tara  smirks and makes you a souvenir 
Of her  mockery : "Your  half-assed  embittered 
Prose lacks the  gravity -- the lunacy-- 
Of truth .   It sags like boiled soy ." 
 
 Wretched vegetarian bitch!   Soy 
Is her only metaphor, and weak: each zealous 
 Couplet  pushed toward utter lunacy, 
Ending in " boy " or " goy " for that Scarlet 
Letter "F":  forced rhyme . Embittered, 
You snag the uneaten  pizza , a souvenir 
 
For all the places without souvenirs. 
Exquisitely  trayf   red meat , that anti-soy, 
That "I am not," for poor embittered 
 Spaniard s.  Complicitous, and even zealous, 
You smirk back, glad to be  Scarlett 
In  Tara ’s burning  cinematic  lunacy. 
 
She’s the  drama queen , her  scepter , lunacy. 
Her  backhanded compliment  is the last souvenir 
You’ll keep.  Two years from now a scarlet 
Kiss-print, shocking and  guilty  against the soy- 
Colored  pillow case  will recall her zealous 
Lust,  her animal cravings .  Embittered, 
 
You’ll rub it and it will smear.  Embittered, 
You’ll remember her words: " Love is lunacy ." 
You’ll unveil  bleach : an  oxidizer  so zealous 
That you’ll quench the painful souvenir 
Without meaning to.  The pillow case, like soy, 
Will sit blandly, but you’ll imagine a blur of scarlet. 
 
 Even now that smirk gleams in scarlet . 
You love and hate and lust, embittered, 
And she tells you your poems are "soy." 
You’re caught  playing a role in her lunacy , 
And take the gleam in her eyes for a souvenir 
Before she can stop looking so zealous. 
 
That zealous gleam, capped in slick scarlet 
Will be your last souvenir when, embittered, 
You descend into lunacy, alone with  bad prose  and soy. 
 
 -- jurph 
 
 
 
 abbreviation :  U nsymmetric  D i- M ethyl  H ydrazine. Popular  rocket fuel  in the  hydrazine  family, combined  hypergolic ally with  IRFNA ,  LOX , or (most often)  Nitrogen   Tetroxide  in modern  liquid-fuel rocket s.  With most oxidizers, a vacuum  specific impulse  of 350 seconds is easily possible. It's also popular as a  monopropellant  in  satellite  applications; because it combusts upon contact with  platinum -group  metal  catalysts, there is no need to carry a separate  oxidizer , and all the baggage (plumbing, pumps, mixers, tankage) that goes with a  bipropellant  system is weight saved. Despite its superiority as a storable  propellant , its toxicity (0.422  mg  per  liter  in 4 hours, inhaled, but also lethal when ingested or absorbed through skin) high density, and cost make it less-than-ideal for most non- military  applications. The chemical formula is (CH 3 ) 2 NNH 2  , in case you want to  make some at home , and it looks something like this: 
 
   H 
  |
H- C -H      H
   \      /
     N  -- N
   /      \
  H      H-C-H
           |
           H
 
 
 If I understand  esapersona 's  Guide to Naming Organic Compounds , this could also be called " trans -dimethyl hydrazine."
 
 
 
 Pick-up 
 
Fragile fingers on the  fender 
of his  truck , tracing  smooth steel 
as if you were bored with it 
 	waiting for the  masculinity  to shoot out. 
 
Trying, tensely, to look tender 
hand on its hip,  copping a feel 
while your teeth held your lip  
 like a wrestler, squirming, in a pout. 
 
~ 
 
Tell him how his truck looks feminine... 
The  corner panel  curves just so--     look serious. 
 Of course he’s staring at your dress .  It’s tight 
 	with excitement: tonight he’ll be your driver. 
 
Don’t you love that shade of fleshy  crimson ? 
Ford stopped making paint that delirious 
(maybe for a reason, you  parasite — 
 	Do you think you ever earned the word " lover "?). 
 
 -- jurph 
 
 To stay true to this  poem , I have to note that it was stored on my  hard drive  as a file named "A Treatise on  Sussex County, DE ".  I still have no idea why.
 
 
 
 adj.   Military   abbreviation :  T emporary  A ctive  D uty.   Spoken as "Tee Ay Dee".   Naval   jargon ,  syn.  for  TDY , because the  Navy  need to have their own phrase for everything.  Any assignment lasting under 180 days, esp. one requiring travel.  "I was  TAD  to  Da Nang  in '68, when  the shit  was hot."

 
 
 
 adj .  Military   abbreviation :  T emporary  D ut Y . Pronounced by spelling: "Tee Dee  Why ."  Any duty lasting less than 180 days; usually implies travel.  "I was  TDY  to  Lackland ," or "He went  TDY  to  Germany  and made almost a thousand bucks in  per diem !"  Also a  noun , as in: "I've got a 60-day  TDY  to  Keflavik  that starts on 15 November, so I miss  Cheese Day ,  Thanksgiving ,  Christmas , and  New Years' Day  just so I can protect  Iceland  from the evils of  communism ."  Compare  PCS ,  PCA ,  TAD .
 
 
 
 The old folks will  cackle  asthmatically and tell you, every time you can't find it, that it's always in  the last place you look .  But that's as good as telling you to count to  n  + 1. 
 My dad  loses stuff, just like anyone else, and today was no different.  It was a  phillips head   screwdriver  bit for his  power drill , and it had fallen in a  driveway  of grey gravel.  It fell there when he was doing a project months ago, and he remembered dropping it today, when he looked up at the work he'd done. 
 "Son, do you see a  drill bit  laying around here?" 
"Sorry, dad--it's grey, right?" 
"Yeah." 
"So are the rocks, dad."  (he's  color blind , so I point these things out to him occasionally) 
"Well, then I guess I don't have a very good chance of finding it, do I?"  (he's still looking at this point) 
"Not a chance in hell." 
 And he finds it. 
 Picks it right up out of the gravel, smiles, and pockets it.  Which brings me to my point.  No, that's a lie.  What I meant to say was, "which brings me to the real story I meant to tell."  The real story goes like this: 
 Three, almost four years ago, I had finally cleaned up all of my  baggage  leftover from  high school , and decided to finally  trust  people again.  Like every other straight male my age, I had been agressively looking for a woman to  fall in love  with almost since puberty, and I was having no luck.  Looking back on it, I could have been  getting lucky  frequently, but missed my cues--mostly because those weren't the cues I was looking for.  So, we have discovered the  "it"  that I was looking for: love,  requited  love, the kind you don't have to torture yourself over like you're in junior high, the Big "L"...  love was my drill bit lost in the driveway . 
 I didn't have a  little black book , but if I had, it would've read like this: 
... 
 Lonsdale 
 Mary 
 Amy 
 Emily 
 Colleen 
... 
 
And I was getting, well...  desperate .  I'm still undecided about whether  to make a long story short  or not, and I think it's better left for another node, but I'll sum it up with a link, and you can go hear all the gory details when I'm feeling  candid  again.  The catalyst was the night me and my roommate were sitting around and  I got an e-mail from a chick, the entire text of which read, "sex" .  That was it--the epitome of what I was  not  looking for.  I can tell you the date because I'm an  ENFP , and I remember dates like that--it was  October 27, 1997 .  I threw my hands up in the air, and told my roommate, " I quit ." 
 A week later, I had a girlfriend.  And no, it wasn't the sex e-mail girl.  As far as I know she's driving a  Harley-Davidson  around  North Dakota , or maybe she's working in a  nursery  taking care of  newborn s.  She could be a  sniper  like  John Cusack  in  Grosse Pointe Blank , but I really don't care, as long as she doesn't shoot me.  I'm still with the other girl, the one that was right under my nose,  grey metal in a sea of gravel , the one who I'd become best friends with while this whole mess was playing out, and it's wonderful. 
 The irony didn't escape me even in that early-relationship haze where we fell totally  ass over teacups  in love with each other.  As soon as I  stopped  looking for  the perfect woman , she was wrapped around me, in my bed, in my mind, in my life for good. 
 
 ... for those of you still hanging around the  node  hoping for a moral, it's in the title.  I'm not saying it works for everything, but for  falling in love  and  drill bit s, just stop looking and it'll find you. 
 
 
 
 Water which is " slightly used ," which takes its name from the convention of naming water that is unfit for use " black water ."  Gray water is water from  shower s,  sink s,  dishwasher s, and  laundry .  This specifically excludes  toilet s and any water used to rinse  diaper s--any water that contains  human waste .  Because this water is used to  rinse   biodegradable  bits off of our precious stuff-- skin cell s,  leftovers ,  body odor , etc.--it's actually not too bad for watering plants with, which would save gallons of "white"  potable  water.  Another novel idea is for each home to have a gray water tank, and to use that for the water in your  toilet .  Other than the  cat  having to find a new watering trough, this idea could save 25%-40% of water used in  America . 
 Unfortunately, there are some down sides to a plan where water is used twice for irrigation: fibers (from clothing), sodium (water softener),  boron , and many other  household chemical s shouldn't be allowed to enter the gray water collection system.  It's also unsafe to drink, despite its appearance.  Some studies suggest using a  vegetable  dye to artificially identify it, and to run it through differently colored pipes.  Proper disinfection and filtering is required, as well--if you let a spoonful of the wrong chemicals get into your landscape every time you water, they'll work their way up the  food chain  quickly. 
 
 
 
 Here's a song by  Eddie from Ohio  that has a  tangential  relationship to  Why Does the Sun Shine?  by  TMBG --sure, it's not terribly educational (although it implies that there are only four moons around  Jupiter --there are 39), but it's a darn good song!  The  a cappella  bit in the middle is classic  EFO , and there's really no instrumentation other than one (perhaps more than one?)  acoustic  guitar.  When played live, they occasionally preface it with an  homage  to  Close Encounters of the Third Kind , playing that five-note alien  salute  on the guitar's  harmonic s.  This song appears as the seventh track on their 1995  anagramatically   eponymous album  I rode fido home . 
 
Lyrics: 
 
 
It's gonna take eleven cups of  joe , 
to get that major  caffeine  dose, 
sunrise comin' at  warp  galactic speed. 
The diner's running out of  joe , 
and  this quartet  I still don't know. 
 Professor -man, I'll tell you what I need: 
 
Well I know  t h e   p l a n e t s  well, 
the  year of the first telescope , 
and  Tycho  named  that dimple  on the moon. 
But could you change for me, 
names like " Ganymede ", 
and  her  three  friends ? 
...cause morning's coming soon! 
 
Won't you rename the moons of Jupiter 
to  Matt ,  Mark ,  Luke , and  John ? 
I spin my brain 
and can't retain 
the real names 'til dawn. 
So rename the moons of Jupiter: 
 the gospel  boys won't mind. 
I'll do my best 
to ace this test 
and pass your course this time. 
 
 {{a cappella}} 
Sometimes we forget that nature itself is one vast miracle, 
and our ever-expanding universe is growing and yet still goes on to  infinity  which to me is completely beyond comprehension. 
 
All I need is a  Scantron  sheet, 
a  #2 lead  and a small  cheat sheet , 
not to mention 
my own divine intervention... 
 
Please rename the moons of Jupiter 
to  John ,  Paul ,  George , and  Ringo ? 
I spin my brain 
and can't retain 
this interstellar lingo. 
Rename the moons of Jupiter: 
 the Beatles  sure won't mind. 
I'll do my best 
to  ace  this test 
and pass your course this time. 
 
It's gonna take eleven cups of joe, 
to get that major caffeine dose, 
sunrise comin' at warp galactic speed. 
 The diner 's running out of joe, 
and this quartet I still don't know. 
Professor-man, I'll tell you what I need: 
 
Please rename the moons of Jupiter 
to  George ,  Tom ,  Abe  and  Ted ? 
I spin my brain 
and can't retain 
the real names in my head. 
Rename the moons of Jupiter: 
 Rushmore 's men won't mind. 
I'll do my best 
to ace this test 
and pass your course this time. 
 
 ...and in case you were wondering,  Jupiter 's named moons are, starting with the innermost: 
 
 Adrastea 
 Metis 
 Amalthea 
 Thebe 
 Io 
 Europa 
 Ganymede 
 Callisto 
 Leda 
 Dongtar 
 Himalia 
 Lysithea 
 Elara 
 Ananke 
 Carme 
 Pasiphae 
 Sinope 
 
 There are several other unnamed satellites, which are numbered by the years of their discoveries: S/1999 J1 (the one satellite of Jupiter discovered in 1999), S/2000 J1-J11, all discovered in 2000, and S/2001 J1-J11, all from  2001 .  Most of the S/2000 and S/2001 series have large  elliptical  orbits, but are still counted in the total: 39 moons. 
 ... so you can see why he has trouble remembering them. 
 
 
 
 This is a song from the 2001  Baz Luhrman  musical tragic comedy " Moulin Rouge ".  I won't give away any of the plot of  Moulin Rouge  in this writeup intentionally, but it is possible that reading the lyrics to this song will be a minute  spoiler , and in a way, as soon as  Jacek Koman  opens his mouth to sing, the  surprise  of what tune he is singing is part of what makes this song amazing. 
 
 
 
 Okay,  don't say I didn't warn you .  This one starts off with a  classical guitar  picked by  Jose Feliciano  himself, builds in trembling  violin s, a faintly massaged piano, and a section of strings being  picked .  The rhythm of the  tango  is clear from the first, but when  Jacek Koman , playing the  narcoleptic   Argentinian , stops his muttering and sings--practically growls--that first line like a  grizzly   baritone  possessed by  Lucifer , it is clear: this is not  The Police  you're listening to, and  Sting  is not making an appearance.  Ewan McGregor  also gets a chance to show off his pipes, hitting beautifully high notes that accent the top of his range.  Just when you thought you'd heard it all, everyone comes in together, a chorus overlaying Ewan McGregor's passionate wide-open high notes, and Jacek Koman's rumbling voice driving underneath it.  A bass drum reminiscent of  When the Levee Breaks  pounds furiously, bringing the song to a anxious conclusion--though all the characters have poured out their souls, nothing is resolved, and that is as it should be. 
 
Lyrics: 
 
 Narcoleptic Argentinian  (NA hereafter): 
             (mutters) 
...will drive you, will drive you, will drive you...  MAD !
             (sings) 
    Ro-o-o-o-o-oxanne !  You don't have to put on that  red light .
    Walk the streets for money , you don't care if it's wrong or if it is right.
    Ro-o-o-o-o-oxanne !  You don't have to wear  that dress  tonight.
   Roxanne, you don't have to sell your body to the night!

                           Christian : 
                          His eyes, upon your face,
                          His hand, upon your hand,
                          His lips caress your skin:
                          It's more than I can stand!
 NA & chorus:   Roxanne !
                          Why does my heart cry
 NA & chorus:   Roxanne !   
                          Feelings I can't fight?
                          Love me to leave me, 
                           but just don't deceive me,
                            and please,  believe me 
                             when I say, " I love you !"

 {{A brief interlude spoken in  Spanish , possibly by  Jose Feliciano  - clarification by  /msg  appreciated}} 

 NA:   Roxanne , you don't have to put on the red light,
                      Christian : Why does my heart cry
                               feelings I can't fight?
    you don't have to wear that dress tonight.
     Roxanne , you don't have to put on the red light,
      CHORUS:  Why does my heart cry
             feelings I can't fight?
    Roxanne, you don't have to wear that dress tonight!
    ROXANNE! 
                                    Please !  Please !


 
 
 
 The song that got me  addicted  to  Phish .  It's track #13 on  A Picture of Nectar , and features the same infectious but basically  non-sensical  lyrics by  Tom Marshall  that  Phish  fans--high or not--have come to expect, but there is meaning.  Sure, it boils down to " school sucks ," but use the word " vasoconstrictor " to describe how much school sucks, and you're clearly a  prodigy .  The  scorching   electric guitar  that  Trey Anastasio  lays down over the bumpy  railroad tracks  of  Page McConnell 's piano riffs make this song a toe-tapper that adds to any concert or  mix tape , especially with a  road trip  theme. 
 
Lyrics: 
 
 
 Come stumble, my  mirth -beaten worker: 
I'm  Jezmund , the family  berserker ; 
I'm bought for the price of a  flagon  of  rice . 
The wind  buff s the cabin, 
you speak of your life 
or more willingly,  locust the lurker . 
 
 Confuse what you can of the ending 
and  revise your despise  so impending, 
'cause I soak on the  wrath 
that you didn't quite mask: 
I'm  getting it clearly , through alternate paths, 
or mixed in with  the signals you're sending . 
 
 chorus 
 
...but who can  unlearn  all the facts that I've learned 
as I sat in their chairs and my  synapse s burned? 
The torture of  chalk dust collects on my tongue , 
thoughts follow my vision and dance in the sun, 
all my  vasoconstrictor s come slowly undone-- 
 Can't this wait 'til I'm old? 
 Can't I live while I'm young? 
 
 
But no peace for  Jezmund  tonight! 
I plug  the distress tube  up tight, 
and  watch what I say  as it flutters away 
to  where all this emotion is kept harmless at bay , 
not to educate  somebody 's fright... 
 
 chorus,  JAM , chorus out 
 
 {{...and if you're having trouble with the lyrics, imagine  Jezmund  is a teacher in an old schoolhouse, a  drunkard  for  sake , who clearly hates his students and relishes their  fear and loathing  of him.}} 
 
 
 
 I already know you're reading this.  I don't know who you are, but I know that you may or may not have an  opinion  on this issue, and now you're here: reading  what I wrote .  Maybe you've read something else about this topic, or maybe you only know what the  obnoxious morning DJs  told you about it between  guffaw ing at their own jokes.  But I knew you'd be reading this before I ever wrote it, and  you bet your ass  I listened to those  DJ s.  I know what they told you, and I have already prepared a wonderful intellectual argument to counter their  bathroom humor  and casual  banter .  I've also thought of a great way to discredit them, even though I don't need to attack whatever passes for their " credibility ". 
 What's more, I know how to  con vince you to see things my way.  Actually, it's not going to be hard, not at all.  Did I say convince?  It's not even really "convincing" you, since we see eye to eye on this: your  point of view  is actually  the same as  mine, in a way!  You and me, we're a lot alike, in the things we value.  I mean, we all want the same things, don't we?  And it's for the good of the  children , for the  Constitution , for  our way of life ... it's only  natural , isn't it? 
 An  intelligent   reader  like yourself probably sees right through that  flattery  to the core of my argument-- ah, yes, you got me old chap! It was an argument all along! --and maybe now you're on your guard.  Maybe you're reading a little more closely now, thinking that those  softlink s aren't as  innocuous  as they seemed?  Have you considered going back to the top, reading this one more time, just to make sure that I didn't slip something past you? 
 What if that's  exactly  what I intended you to do? 
 
 
 
 "I'm actually very tired up here, I'm sorry if there's a lack of energy, but  what it is , is, this morning, like, I didn't have to be awake til  uh  eight, and the guy upstairs who lives upstairs above me-- five thirty , his  alarm  goes off.  And so he, uh, well-- Nevermind , I'm not going to bore you with  the story of that guy .  So anyway, I was up, y'know,  two and a half hours before I should have been , and so I just decided I was gonna write this song, and I've had this idea for a song, and--
 
About a month ago, I went to New Hampshire.  And I don't know if any of you have ever been to New Hampshire, but um, when I -- it was not a place that I -- well,  nothing against the people from New Hampshire , I didn't choose to go there, but when I got there I was like, "Hey, this is a kinda cool place.  I like New Hampshire.  And I'm glad I came!" ...and it just just touched me so much that I had to write a song about it, so, it's kinda serious, but I would like to do it for you tonight." 
 --audience banter from " burnt "
 
Well  the guy upstairs  won't let me play my  guitar 
unless he's not at home or very far  
away. But tonight when he gets home, 
I'm gonna wait and listen 'til he's  all alone 
and I'm gonna climb upstairs with my  gun -- 
and I know that he's gonna try to run 
And I'm gonna look him  right between the eyes , 
and blow a hole in his head the size 
 of  New Hampshire . 
 
Well I've been havin' a lot of trouble with my  colon  recently, 
and it makes me just wanna  scream and shout 
cause no matter how much I push or grit my teeth, 
nothing ever seems to want to come out. 
But I know that one of these nights, 
I know I'm gonna win the fight, 
but I'm not stupid enough to not realize 
that  whatever comes out  is gonna be the size 
 of New Hampshire. 
 
Well,  New Hampshire  is known as  the Granite State , 
and it's been part of our country since  1788 . 
The people live there with the motto " Live free or die ," 
and it's also the home of  Franklin Pierce , that  President  guy, 
 Lake Winnepesaukee  is so damn pure! 
 Mount Washington  is so damn high! 
Nine thousand, four hundred and three square miles... 
That's roughly the size 
 of  New Hampshire . 
 
Thank you very much. 
 
-- Throwing Toasters 
 Track 6 on " burnt " : 2000 
 
 
 
 Household Chemicals 
 ...and what  not  to do with them. 
 or, way too many ways to make  toxic   chlorine  gas. 
 Warning label s are too long and complicated for you.  " Pretty Blue !", " Pretty Green !", and  Makes My Nose Tingle! " are the extent of your  intellectual  pursuit of household chemicals.  Here's a handy dandy guide to which ones are  cool  and which ones are  not cool .  In general, these are all  hazardous  to some degree or another--don't  ingest  any of these unless it's clearly meant to be ingested, and don't get 'em on your skin.   
 Oxidizer s &  Acid s 
 In general, these will corrode  metal s, react  exothermic ally with  base s and some  petroleum  products, and cause mild irritation to the skin. 
 Bleach  -  Sodium   Hypochlorite  solution, between 0.25% and 5%  concentration .  Used to turn an otherwise  colorfast  item  white .  Also useful for: producing  chlorine gas .  Chlorine fumes are  not cool .  Mix with  alcohol s to get  ester s, which simply release lots of fumes and mild amounts of heat--the reaction is  exothermic .  Mix with  ammonia  to get  chlorine  gas (also  exothermic ).  Dry by evaporation to get  sodium   hypochlorite  crystals.
 Pool Cleaner  -  Calcium   Hypochlorite , solid crystals.  Used to turn an entire  swimming pool  blue or green.  In solution, acts like  bleach .  Crystalline form makes an excellent  hypergol  or  combustion   accelerant .  Mix as above for similar results.  Mix with  polyethylene glycol  ( brake fluid ) to release chlorine gas,  oxygen  gas, and large amounts of heat--this reaction is  exothermic , and can get out of hand quickly.  This is probably the most powerful solid oxidizer you can buy without a permit.
 Hydrogen Peroxide  - 3% solution.  Mild  bleach ,  antiseptic .  Tends to weaken other oxidizers because it is sold in such mild concentrations, but don't be fooled!   Hydrogen Peroxide  in its pure form is a  hypergol  with almost anything flammable, and was the  oxidizer  used in early  liquid-fuel rocket s.  
 Oxygen  - gas, stored under pressure.  Used for keeping  grandmother  alive, or as a safety measure in a household with  asthma  or  emphysema .  This is the king of  oxidizer s.  It isn't  flammable  by itself, but it  accelerate s a burn like nothing else.   Combustion  is just  oxidation   writ large , and this is the  real deal .
 Vinegar  -  acetic acid , mild solution.  Slightly acidic, used to pickle things.  Besides mixing this with  baking soda  for a  fizz  volcano, no bonus uses.
 Rust Remover  - marketed as  Calcium ,  Lime , or  Rust  Remover for tiles and tubs, usually contains a -chloric or -fluoric  acid .  Mixing with a strong base will yield  chlorine  or  fluorine  gas and  heat .  Causes mild chemical burns on the skin.
 Adhesive s 
 In general, these will be  polymer -based,  flammable , and give off  toxic  and irritant fumes.  Can cause skin damage in strong doses. 
 Rubber Cement  - Contains  heptane .  It's a nice  moderate  glue for  arts and crafts , but it also burns pretty well (and slowly), and so it makes a nice  binder  for any  flammable  powders or crystals.  The vapors are harmful, and cause (among other bad stuff)  nausea ,  vomiting ,  dizziness ... this is  not  a " high ."
 Super Glue  - contains  cyanoacrylate .  A heavy-duty glue, and much more flammable.   AFAIK , the vapors are what make it flammable, and once it's dry it's just  acrylic .  Again, bad vapors.
 Elmer's Glue  - mostly harmless.  I think it's even marketed as  non-toxic !  I wouldn't take it internally, though.
 Model Glue  - usually a mild  cyanoacrylate , somewhere between Super Glue and Rubber Cement.  Bad fumes!!
 Bases 
 Alkaline s tend to be non-flammable, and mildly  irritant .  Some fumes can be annoying, but usually not unhealthy.  React with  acid s  exothermic ally to gorm gaseous derivatives of acid. 
 Baking Soda  -  sodium   bicarbonate , powdered.  Good for putting out fires and mixing with most  acid s or  oxidizer s to get  carbon dioxide  gas and a  toy surprise .  Mixes with water into an inert paste, or a fine basic solution.
 Ammonia  - up to 3% solution of  ammonium   hydroxide .   Disinfectant ,  alkaline  solution for cleaning.  Also has uses as a  fertilizer ,  refrigerant , and more.
 Lye  - ingredient in  soap  and  oven cleaner  and even  Drano , each in different concentrations.  Made famous in  Fight Club  in its powdered form.  I think it's just  sodium hydroxide , but "just" doesn't cover it.  A fiercely strong  alkali  that reacts  exothermic ally with  water .  I would honestly never even mess with this stuff.  It's nastier than gasoline--at least you need a flame for gasoline to burn you.  Your  skin ,  eye s, and  limb s are all forfeit if you even think about mixing this with a strong  oxidizer 
and a heavy, high-boiling  petroleum  product.  The reaction would probably be fiercely  hypergolic  and would spray unreacted  reagent s all over.  Just  bad mojo  if you ask me.  Stay away.
 Petroleum  Distillates 
 I failed  orgo .  No, that's a lie--I didn't even take  orgo .  I have no idea what the chemical makeup of these things are, for the most part.  In general, they're  flammable , and so I have a  soft spot  in my backyard for them.  When you mix these with anything, especially  oxidizer s, you deserve whatever you get. 
 Gasoline  -  fuel .  Burns.  A lot.  Mix with  styrene -based polymers to get a thicker, sticky, flammable mess.
 Motor Oil  -  lubricant .  Doesn't burn so good; designed to sit in the  combustion  chamber of your car and  not  burn.
 Brake Fluid  -  polyethylene   glycol  and similar.  Mixes  hypergolic ally with  calcium   hypochlorite .  That's right, I said " HYPERGOLIC ."  Because of its high  boiling point , it doesn't become flammable until there's already  ample  heat nearby, and so it burns  explosive ly in high enough concentrations.
 Anti-freeze  - also a  polyethylene   glycol , but in some kind of solution or thinner.  Probably boils at a much lower temperature.
 Diesel  Fuel  -  fuel .   Burns , but not like  gasoline .  You can detonate  diesel  fuel by striking a puddle of it on  concrete  with a  hammer --it's designed to explode at high pressures without an intense heat source.
 Miscellaneous 
 Mostly  kitchen  stuff that I couldn't place, due to my lack of an  organic chemistry  background. 
 Sugar  -  sucrose , crystalline.  A sweetener for foods.  A nice energy source, but otherwise  inert .  Turns to  caramel  when burned, and becomes both smelly and sticky.
 Salt  -  sodium   chloride  (or  potassium   chloride  in " sea salt ") crystalline.  Flavoring for food.  Good for adding  chlorine  to a mix if you can separate it out.  Because the  sodium  in it also has  flammable  uses, this may prove less  inert  than people think.
 Dish soap  -  soap .  Contains  surfactant s, but must be at least a little  alkaline , because it acts like most of the other  base s when mixed with  bleach .
 Goop  - hand soap.  Contains  fatty acid s,  surfactant s, and  glycerin .  Non-flammable, but reacts with most  oxidizer s to create a gaseous byproduct.  With  pool chlorine , makes a nice  exothermic   smoke bomb .  Only the smoke is  chlorine gas .
 Aluminum  -  foil ,  can s, etc.; a  flammable  metal.  From the same  chemical  family as  magnesium , but easier to come by.  Burns hot and fast, and won't immediately  smother  in water.  Makes a nice case material for  homemade   incendiaries .  Powdered and mixed with a fine powder of  iron oxide  ( rust !), supposedly forms the basis for  thermite .
 
 Well, that about taps me out, but there's a good guide to using the stuff in your house for things it was never meant for.  You probably noticed that most of these give off  toxic  fumes or are highly flammable.  That's the point.   Okay, here's the thing, please don't fucking do this . 
 
 
 
 Howdy  is a  slang  greeting, used wherever " Hello " is appropriate.  It is the shortened form of  How do you do? , which in some  dialect s of  English  became " Howdy-doo ," and then just plain " Howdy ."  This greeting is prevalent in the  American   South , and is  stereotypically  associated with  Texas  and  Texans . 
 In usage, it is uttered and written as a  statement  despite its origins as an  interrogative .  This is one of the clearest ways to discern whether you are in an area where "Howdy" is used frequently: when you greet someone with a "howdy," they will either answer your greeting with "Fine, thanks," or a similar  answer .  An answer of " Hi " or " Hello " at least lets you know that you've been understood, but that you're not speaking to a  southerner . 
 A word of warning: be aware that using this greeting marks you as  Southern , or at least affiliates you in the minds of others with  rural   American s.  That is a mark of  pride  in  some places , and of  ridicule  in others. 
 
 
 
 When I was in  high school , we made fun of a kid because he used the word " box " like  Smurf s use the word " smurf "--all  parts of speech , any context.  We would tease him mercilessly about  BOX , and draw  Necker Cube s all over the place with the motto " BOX " under them.  It became an  inside joke  of the first order, hysterically funny.  To say the word " BOX " out loud was to invite responses a la  the Penis game , where everyone would shout or whisper " BOX !" gleefully.  The phrase, " Is BOX--is best !" came to sum up any agreeable situation, from good veggies at lunch to an  A+  on a paper.  Like those  Budweiser  commercials, or  Timmy  from  South Park , this  meme  would not die.  But this isn't the story about " BOX "--this is about "secret about box". 
 Our  computer lab  had  Mac s.  I'm not a  Mac evangelist , so I couldn't tell you what kind, but they came with the version of  MacOS  that featured that cool  plaid  background and was the first to use the  acoustic guitar  for a startup sound.  Perhaps  MacOS  7-point-something?  I don't remember.  What I do remember was that on the  Macintosh  desktop there was a  notepad .  If you typed the words 
 secret about box 
 in this notepad, highlighted it, and dragged the copied text to the  desktop , you'd get an  icon .  If you double-clicked the  icon , you'd get...  breakout .  Yes, it was a cheezy  Breakout  clone, but it was a  game !  A  secret  game!  This was truly wonderful.   Term paper s failed to be written.   Lab report s were extended for poor excuses.  High scores skyrocketed.  This game was as addictive as the " BOX "  meme  itself.  Whenever anyone would holler " BOX " gleefully, someone might whisper,  " secret about box !"  in a tiny voice to match. 
 So... I haven't used a  Mac  in a while, but I'm told that "secret about box" still works.  Is box.  Is best. 
 
 
 
 The  flip side  of the  Navy Shower . 
 Aboard a  ship , and even more so aboard a  boat , the importance of conserving  fresh water  cannot be overstated.  It is, in many cases, the  limiting reagent  in the equations of  range ,  endurance , and  stealth  of the  Navy .  All manner of procedures are followed to limit  fresh water  consumption, but the one that takes its toll on  seamen  is the  Navy Shower .  Every day, a quick shot of cold water, some soap, and another shot of cold water.   Brrrr!   Yes, it wakes you up, but it also takes its toll on your  psyche --is  Joe Redneck 's  Constitutional  Liberty worth  this ? 
 So, to demonstrate that the ship or boat is still connected to  America , the  Captain  is authorized to give out a deliciously satisfying  reward : the  Marathon  shower, or the  Hollywood  shower.  I'll quote from  Tom Clancy 's excellent text  The Hunt for Red October : 
 Well, he 1  did get a  Hollywood Shower  out of it.  Ordinarily a shower on a freshwater-poor ship meant a few seconds of wetting down and a minute or so of lathering, followed by a few more seconds of rinsing the suds off.  It got you clean but was not very satisfying. (...) A Hollywood shower is something a  sailor  starts thinking about after a few days at sea.  You leave the water running, a long, continuous stream of wonderfully warm water.  Commander Mancuso was given to awarding this sensuous pastime in return for above-average performance.  It gave people something tangible to work for.  You couldn't spend extra money on a  sub , and there was no  beer  or  women . 
 Amazing how ten minutes of  warm water  can make you a  patriotic   citizen  again. 
 
  1 - "he" is  Jonesy , the  sonar  operator on the  USS Dallas .
 
 
 
 A  GI  shower is a  code red  used to enforce  hygiene  in the  unit .  The  marine  (or  airman , or  sailor , or  soldier ) who has failed to bathe on a regular basis is  trained  or  motivated --in the  Pavlov ian and  Darwin ian senses--to shower of his own  initiative , lest his  comrade s decide to shower him on their own.  A  GI Shower  involves  scrub brushes ,  steel wool ,  brillo pad s, and anything else remotely  abrasive , like  Bon Ami   scour ing powder.   Cold water  is optional; it can enhance the  terror  and soften the skin, which may or may not be a good thing-- YMMV . 
 The offending party is awakened in the  middle of the night  by his  unit  and dragged to the  bathroom , where he is stripped  naked .  Water may or may not be applied, and then the  unit  takes turns "cleaning" the comrade with the aforementioned  implement s.  He is left to tend to his wounds, and as with all  code red s, it is implicit that he will not discuss the origin of the injuries, or perhaps simply answer that "This marine has taken a  GI shower ."  Implicating anyone else for this will probably garner the  GI  a  sock party  or similar retribution. 
 
 
 
 From  Hendrik Willem van Loon 's  History of Mankind  (published 1922), a version of the full quotation: 
 High in the  North  in a land called  Svithjod  there is  a mountain . 
It is  a hundred miles  long and a hundred miles high 
and  once every  thousand  years  a little bird  comes to  this mountain 
to sharpen its beak. 
When the  mountain  has thus been worn away  a single day of eternity  will have passed. 
 

<P>In <a href="/title/Neil+Gaiman" title="Neil Gaiman" class='populated' >Neil Gaiman</a> and <a href="/title/Terry+Pratchett" title="Terry Pratchett" class='populated' >Terry Pratchett</a>'s novel <a href="/title/Good+Omens" title="Good Omens" class='populated' >Good Omens</a>, the <a href="/title/demon" title="demon" class='populated' >demon</a> <a href="/title/Crowley" title="Crowley" class='populated' >Crowley</a> tries to explain this concept to <a href="/title/Aziraphale" title="Aziraphale" class='populated' >Aziraphale</a>, an angel, while both of them are solidly <a href="/title/drunk" title="drunk" class='populated' >drunk</a>:</P>
"Just think about it," said Crowley relentlessly.  "You know what eternity is?  You know what eternity is?  I mean, d'you know what eternity is?  There's this big mountain, see, a <a href="/title/mile+high" title="mile high" class='populated' >mile high</a>, <a href="/title/The+End+of+the+World+As+We+Know+It" title="The End of the World As We Know It" class='populated' >at the end of the universe</a>, and once every thousand years, there's this little bird--"<BR>
"What little bird?" said Aziraphale suspiciously.<BR>
"This little bird I'm talking about.  And every thousand years--"<BR>
"The same bird every <a href="/title/millennium" title="millennium" class='populated' >thousand years</a>?"<BR>
Crowley hesitated.  "Yeah," he said.<BR>
"<a href="/title/Bloody" title="Bloody" class='populated' >Bloody</a> ancient bird, then."<BR>
"Okay.  And every thousand years this bird flies--"<BR>
"--limps--"<BR>
"--<em>flies</em> all the way down to this mountain and sharpens its beak--"<BR>
"Hold <em>on</em>.  You can't do that.  Between here and <a href="/title/The+Restaurant+at+the+End+of+the+Universe" title="The Restaurant at the End of the Universe" class='populated' >the end of the universe</a> there's loads of<a href="/title/restaurants" title="restaurants" class='populated' >--</a>" the angel waved a hand expansively, if a little unsteadily.  "Loads of <a href="/title/Bugger" title="Bugger" class='populated' >buggerall</a>, dear boy."<BR>
"But it gets there anyway," Crowley persevered.<BR>
"<a href="/title/pedant" title="pedant" class='populated' >How?</a>"<BR>
"<a href="/title/optimist" title="optimist" class='populated' >It doesn't matter!</a>"<BR>
<a href="/title/%2522It+could+use+a+space+ship%252C%2522+said+the+angel" title="''It could use a space ship,'' said the angel" class='populated' >"It could use a space ship," said the angel</a>.<BR>
Crowley subsided a bit.  "Yeah," he said.  "If you like.  Anyway, this bird--"<BR>
"Only it is the <em>end</em> of the universe we're talking about," said Aziraphale.  "So it'd have to be <a href="/title/Colony+Ship+for+sale+cheap" title="Colony Ship for sale cheap" class='populated' >one of those space ships where your descendants are the ones who get out at the other end</a>.  You have to tell your descendants, you say, When you get to the Mountain, you've got to--" He hesitated.   "What have they got to do?"<BR>
"<a href="/title/Mohs+hardness+scale" title="Mohs hardness scale" class='populated' >Sharpen its beak on the mountain</a>," said Crowley.  "And then it flies back--"<BR>
"--in the <a href="/title/Pigs+in+Space" title="Pigs in Space" class='populated' >space ship</a>--"<BR>
"And after a thousand years it goes and does it all again," said Crowley quickly.<BR>
<a href="/title/There+was+a+moment+of+drunken+silence" title="There was a moment of drunken silence" class='populated' >There was a moment of drunken silence</a>.<BR>
"Seems like a lot of effort just to sharpen a beak," <a href="/title/muse" title="muse" class='populated' >muse</a>d Aziraphale.<BR>


 
 
 
 
 This is a  bluegrass   standard , a traditional song that is as well-known among  bluegrass  musicians as  Let it Be  and  All Along the Watchtower  are known among  rock and roll  musicians.  It was composed by  Grand Ole Opry  fiddler  Arthur Smith  and recorded by him with the  Delmore Brothers  in 1937.  Since then, everyone else has put a version on  vinyl ,  tape , or  CD .  Or at least done it live at a  hoedown .  The verses are highly mutable--in the  bluegrass  tradition, an artist is usually allowed to add or subtract or  completely make up  new verses as  he  or  she  sees fit.  The version from which these lyrics are taken was recorded by  Old and In the Way  at their  San Francisco  concert of October 1, 1973. 
 -Chorus- 
I've got a  pig  at home in a pen, 
and  corn  to feed him on; 
all I need's a  pretty little girl 
to feed him when I'm gone. 
 
Bake those  biscuits , baby, 
Bake 'em  good and brown ; 
when you get them biscuits baked, 
we're  Alabammy  bound. 
 
chorus 
 
Going on a  mountain , 
I saw a little  cane . 
Raised a  barrel of  sorghum , 
sweet as  Liza Jane . 
 
chorus 
 
 Dark clouds rising : 
sure sign of rain! 
Get your old red barn shut up, 
 sweet little Liza Jane ! 
 
chorus,  breakdown , chorus 
 
 
 
 
 The  weapon of choice  in the early stages of a  Mental Notes  party, because  Sprite  and  7-Up  are both legitimate things to put on a school group's  expense account  for a party.  A standard  Nalgene  bottle stores enough of the concentrate (just add  soda ,  pop , or some lemon-lime  Coke , by region) to make one cup each for 20-40 people, depending on  potency  and  cup size .  I've never seen it mixed as a  punch , but I don't see why it couldn't. 
 The Blue Drink  is  also known as  " Electric Jam ," " Electric Lemonade ," and I'm sure a host of other names.  Since those names are attached to several different recipes, confusion is avoided at parties by referring to this drink by its color.  It is a medium blue with hints of green from the  sour mix , lucidity varying with  potency . 
 
 1 part  Blue Curacao 
 4 parts  Vodka 
 2 parts  sour mix 
 Sprite ,  7-Up , or other lemony beverage to taste
 
 Mix top three ingredients and store in  Nalgene  or other  nonporous  bottle.  Pour over  ice  and/or mix with  lemon-lime  soda.   WolfDaddy  says that by adding a bit of  dry ice  to the punch bowl, one can create  Romulan Ale .  Several  redneck  noders note that with  Mountain Dew  instead of colorless lemon-lime soda, you get a bright green concoction more aptly named " The Green Drink ". 
 
 
 
 
 This is another fine tune from the  1999   eddie from ohio  album " Looking Out the Fishbowl ."  The title of the song is a reference to " the morning after " and the American  4th of July  holiday, and implies a  disillusionment  with one's  freedom s and  obligation s.  The cyclic theme in the lyrics is interesting, and lends a lot to the song's flavor, especially in the last verse, which mentions the  fish , the  dog , and the  kid  together.  There's also a great  Paul Revere  reference, completing the  patriotic  theme and making it a perfect song for the  stupid American  in your life. 
 Julie Murphy-Wells  seems to be backing her own  lead vocals , but the effect is pleasant enough, and the  Hammond Organ  in the background gives the song a warmer tone than many of their emptier and  folk ier tunes. 
 
Lyrics: 
 
 Looking out the fishbowl  at this  Beethoven  bust: 
ever since the  canine , no one's looking at us, 
but I bet with a  running start ,  we  could leap out of the water...  
a two foot drop to the  Oriental rug  and no one would be bothered! 
We could  flip  and  flop 
 across the  hardwood floor , 
hold our breath through the lawn. 
The  bust  now sits where a globe used to be, 
and  Canada  should be at the end of this street, 
and  Lake Louise  is where I want to be! 
 -=%{chorus}%=- 
 It's the  fifth of July  -- feeling  independent ! 
Please  step aside  -- the celebration's over. 
We're now on our own 
for the first of our lives 
on the fifth of  July 
 ... now what? 
 
Looking out the  kennel  at the dying  oak  tree: 
Ever since the  newborn , no one's looking at  me ... 
but I bet with these  incisors , I could gnaw through this lead! 
A two mile run to the  county line , 
a two  state  run to the  sea . 
I could run through the  briars  
 and the brambles , where a  rabbit  wouldn't go, 
so fast that  the hounds  couldn't catch me-- 
 like a  Johnny Horton  show 
and  anywhere  is where I want to be... 
 
-=%chorus%=- 
 
 
 One if by land, two if by sea , 
three if by  phone  or  facsimile , 
four if by  plane , five if by  boat , 
six if  bilingual , seven by  goat , 
 eight by ten   glossies  of me... 
 
Looking out the bedroom at the  snowy TV : 
ever since  commencement , no one's asking about  me ... 
But I bet before the  night falls , I could catch the late bus! 
I'd take  small provisions ... and this  Beethoven  bust. 
I could find work on the  outskirts  of the city, 
 eat some  fish  on the way, 
befriend an  old dog  for a roadside pal, 
 and find a nice couch to stay-- 
a  pull-out sofa , if you please... 
 
-=%chorus%=-
 
 
 
 A great  shareware  game for the  Mac , released by  Ambrosia Software  in  1995 .  It was, for all intents and purposes, a  Centipede  clone, but it was damned  addictive .  For those of you who are unfamiliar with  Centipede , it goes like this: you control a small mobile something (is it a  ship ?  a  scooter ?  a  marital aid ?) that zips around a mushroom field and shoots bullets that streak up the screen, unguided.  Without  power ups , you get one bullet onscreen at a time, so aim well.  From the top of the screen, a  centipede  is winding his way down the mushrooms, descending one row and changing direction every time he bumps into one.  Five bullets will destroy a  'shroom , one will destroy a segment of a  centipede --or, more accurately, turn that segment into a mushroom.  If you chop him in half, the rear half grows a head and continues  autonomously , so chew him up from the front or the back.  Once the centipede is gone, you progress to the next level. One bump from anything but a 'shroom, and you're dead, next life, restart the level. 
 To aid you in your quest,  mushroom s would occasionally change color and offer  power up s: 3x scoring, 5x scoring, 10x scoring, temporary invulnerability,  extra life , and the coveted  rapid fire .  Enough points and you gain an extra life.  With  rapid fire  you could clear practically every mushroom on the board.  Occasionally, if you walked by my dorm room in 1995, you'd hear me shout " rock and roll !"--this meant I had grabbed  rapid fire , and used it to secure a temporary invulnerability shroom and perhaps even a scoring multiplier.  In this state, one could clear a level of mushrooms with  impunity , as long as you left a few segments of  centipede  moving around. 
 The addiction to the game is in its fast and  knee-jerk  gameplay, but also in the little touches: the  centipede -type critter appeared  caricature d in several intermediary screenshots sitting on a  Day Glo   mushroom  and smoking a  hookah , a la  Through the Looking Glass , and always had  derisive  laughter for you when your--ship?  lawnmower ?  spider ?   laser ?--got destroyed by the inevitable progress of longer and longer  arthropod s down your screen.  Even if you could nail the  centipede , the  scorpion  that popped in from the side and the...  bug s that dropped from the top of the screen and ricocheted around would eventually nail you. 
 
 
 
 First off, a few  disclaimer s: while I drive quite a bit, I've only driven in a few of  America 's largest cities, and I've never secured a permit to drive abroad.  What follows is a set of  sketchy   heuristic s that will get you near your destination in most  American  cities.  I do not recommend this if you're on a tight schedule or are actually concerned with reaching your destination. 
 
 That said, I find that  improvising  when on vacation can make  life  just a little more interesting.  You never learn something quite like you learn it when you're  winging it  and focusing on every detail to get you out of a jam, should one arise.  When you make it all come together and pull up in front of your destination, everyone in the car will be impressed with your  mad skills . 
 First, if you really want to find the address in question, get a  AAA  map and/or some directions from  Google Maps  or similar  online  navigation resource.   You pansy. 
 Now, if you find yourself in an unfamiliar city without  internet access  or readily available  navigation aid s, take stock of your situation.  How much do you know about the city?   
 Can you name nearby  landmark s like  lake s,  river s, or  monument s?
 Do you know the names of the major  interstate  highways that lead to the city (and do you know  what those names mean )?
 Do you know which way is  north ?
 
 If you've got rudimentary knowledge of these three questions, you should be able to get near your destination, even from out of town.  This method is based on locating the  city center ,  grok king the city's street-naming convention, and then playing the system to find your address.  Keep in mind, though, this is a  rough   heuristic .  If you stick rigidly to the rules, you may never find your destination. 
 Relax .  You need to be able to drive safely, but with total  situational awareness , seeing not only the posted  street sign s, but also any signs that say things like " Left Lane Ends " or " One Way " or " STOP ".  You cannot do this effectively if you're angry or frustrated.
 Study the address.  A few things that can help you derive information from it: 
 Buildings are usually numbered by their proximity to the center of town.   37 North Main  is going to be much closer to the middle of town than  1600 Pennsylvania Avenue .
 Ordinal  street names like " first " or " fifty-seventh " are usually numbered south to north, and serve as  latitude  axes (with names serving as  longitude  markers) in most cities.
 Ordinal  streets are usually associated with a block, called the "N hundred block."  Driving north past 34th street will put you on the "thirty-four-hundred block," in which all addresses are between 3400 and 3500, until you cross 35th street.
 Named streets are almost never named with a convention, but occasionally you'll find a city where they're named alphabetically from the center of town.  They could, for example, run north to south and serve as  longitude  axes.
 Named streets--I'm thinking of  Lakeshore Drive  in Chicago, for example--can also tell you about where you are.  I figure,  Chicago  is next to  Lake Michigan ... this road probaly runs parallel to the shore.
 Named streets that run north to south will often have a  North  and  South  variant--North Philips Avenue and South Philips Avenue are the same road, but the name changes when you cross some magical street near the center of town.  Commonly, this will be  First ,  Central ,  Division ,  State ,  Main , or perhaps the city name or state name.
 Some streets are special.  Any street which is called " Placename  Road" probably once served as the main  road  to that place.  If you know where that place is relative to the city you're in, then you have an idea of the road's direction.  These roads tend to be older, full of  red lights  (which buy you time for reading signs), and straight (since they were built before the suburbs).  Many of these are  U.S. Highway s, which take a different name in each city they pass through.  For example,  U.S. Route 1  is "Washington Boulevard" in  Baltimore, Maryland ; but it's "Baltimore Avenue" in  College Park, Maryland .
 Odd and even  numbers are across the street from each other--Odds are usually on the north or east side of the street, but this does not always hold.  You can usually count on the city, within  city limits , to be consistent.
 
 Now, head to the center of the city armed with this knowledge.  Go towards the  tall buildings  or follow signs for  downtown .  Anyone in the car is requested to begin looking for the target street, or addresses with close numbers, since this kind of data can save you an hour or two-- "Hey, this is it?  We passed this like, five times!" 
 If you get to the center of the city without being pulled off-course towards a likely address, do a few laps of the downtown area.  Figure out where the numbering systems start from, both east-west and north-south.  Learn which side of the street  even number ed addresses are on.
 You should, at this point, have the city in your head like a  Cartesian plane , with an  origin  and a vague idea of where your  destination  is.  Pick your way north or south to the right  latitude , then turn east or west, scouting for house numbers to pin down your  longitude . When you get to where it "should" be, you can either park the car and walk around, perhaps asking directions for the last block, or admit that you're at the wrong part of town and  backtrack , reviewing any  command decision s you made.  At this point, you've done your best, and asking directions is the best way to get  terminal guidance .
 
 
 
 
 "Someone once asked me if I knew how to read music, and I said, 'Yeah, but not enough to mess up my  pickin' ." 
--Chet Atkins 
 Chester Burton Atkins, c.g.p. 
 June 20, 1924 - June 30, 2001 
 Chet Atkins, also known as " Mr. Guitar ," is one of the most influential  guitarist s of the 20th century, making his mark on  country ,  bluegrass ,  jazz , and  rock and roll .  He is also the most-recorded solo instrumentalist in history, and one of the most sought-after studio musicians ever. Chet was born in  Luttrell, Tennessee  into a family of musically talented but otherwise poor  Appalachian  farmers.  His mother played  piano , his father was a  gospel  singer, his grandfather played  fiddle , and at a young age, he took up music, too.  His first instrument was a  homemade   ukulele  strung with wires from a  screen , but he stepped away from it to play the  fiddle , for which he appeared to have more talent.  Then, against the recommendation of his older brother Lowell, he decided to learn the  guitar .  He  traded a pistol for his first real guitar , a  Sears Silvertone . 
 When he left  high school  in 1941, he was already an accomplished guitarist, but took jobs as a  fiddler  at  barn dances  to earn pocket money.  During a period of severe  asthma  attacks, Chet went to live with his father in  Georgia , where he began learning to read music.  By 1942, he had gotten a job as a fiddler with  Archie Campbell  and  Bill Carlisle  on  WNOX , a  Knoxville, Tennessee   radio station .  He soon earned a solo instrumental spot on their "mid-day  merry-go-round ", and the publicity earned him offers for other jobs. 
 While touring, he made himself a name all over the south and midwest of America as a great  country music ian, even though his work then would be called " bluegrass " by many  today.  He also developed a passion for  jazz , which gave his style an  ostentatious  edge.  As a touring  barn dance  player, he couldn't hold a job very long because of his unconventional style.  While moving from job to job, he ended up in  Cincinatti, Ohio , where he married Leona Johnson, one of the "singing Johnson sisters"  of  WLW  radio in that city.  He continued to bounce from  radio station  to  radio station , from barn dance to barn dance, going as far west as  Denver, Colorado  for work. 
 Chet finally got himself a stable job with  Homer & Jethro  back at  WNOX  and recorded some minor country hits with them such as  Baby It's Cold Outside , and with  Anita Carter , they put together  Main Street Breakdown .  A Grand Ole Opry star by the name of  George Morgan  caught their act and went back to  Nashville, Tennessee  to his  studio execs  to rave.  The group were offered a spot at  The Grand Ole Opry , and accepted. 
 In 1950, a  DJ  looked at the growing country music scene in Nashville and began referring to Nashville as  Music City .  About this same time, Chet was starting to do some  studio  work backing up then-better-known artists such as  Hank Williams ,  The Louvin Brothers ,  Porter Wagoner , and more.  It wasn't long before his skills were noticed and known by everyone in Nashville, and he became the most sought-after studio artist in town.  In 1954,  RCA  released his first  LP , " Gallopin Guitar ". 
 From his 1955  LP , " A Session with Chet Atkins ," he had two hit singles:  Mr. Sandman  and  Silver Bell .  He endorsed a  Gretsch  guitar bearing his name, built his first  home studio , and published a guitar instruction course.  The nickname " Mr. Guitar " had begun to circulate. 
 He was promoted to  RCA 's  management  to oversee day-to-day operations in  Nashville , but still managed to get in his licks.  He played backing guitar on a few of  RCA 's throwaway  pop  hits you may have heard of: 
 Heartbreak Hotel 
 A Fool Such As I 
 Wake Up Little Susie 
 Bye Bye Love 
 All I Have To Do Is Dream 
 
...by  Elvis Presley  and  The Everly Brothers .  He was, if you'll pardon the pun,  instrumental  in their successes, getting the Everlys their first contract and backing  Elvis  before people knew him by just one name.  His clout got  Studio B  built at a time when  rock and roll  was diverting the public's interest from good old down home country music, but  Chet Atkins  kept at it, and Studio B went on to become known as "the house that Chet built."  As a producer, his guitar work became more and more absent on others' work, but you can't deny his taste: he helped record such classic artists as  Roy Orbison ,  Hank Snow ,  Jim Reeves ,  Roger Miller ,  Dottie West ,  Hank Locklin , and  Boots Randolph .
 At the same time, he had become a star in his own right for his innovative picking style, which he called "two guitars, played badly."  He  cover ed  Boots Randolph 's  Yakety Sax  and renamed it  Yakety Axe , and rode it into the  top ten  in 1965.  By the mid-1960's Chet was producing twenty-five acts simultaneously for  RCA , as well as maintaining his own performing and recording career.  He was making  country music  history when everyone was paying attention to  the Beatles  and  Eric Clapton  and  the Rolling Stones --and while they were all listening to  Nashville  records and  Delta blues  for influence.  He signed the legendary  Charley Pride  (1966) and  Jerry Reed  (1967) and produced the early singles that brought each to fame. He signed  Waylon Jennings  in 1965 and produced more than fifteen of the superstar's top-20 hits during the next five years.  In 1965 he produced " Green Green Grass of Home " for  Porter Wagoner , creating a country  standard . He signed  Willie Nelson ,  Jessi Colter  and  Charlie Rich , all of whom were to achieve later stardom. He also signed, but did not produce,  Connie Smith  (1964) and  Dolly Parton  (1968).  
 His fame coupled with his taste created a body of music known as  The Nashville Sound , which helped country music stay alive through  Rock and Roll 's pinnacle and got Chet promoted to  vice president  at  RCA .  Many have remarked that the Nashville Sound would not exist without Chet. 
 During his time as a leading producer, he kept a low profile, recording with such flashes in the pan as  Merle Travis ,  Les Paul ,  Django Reinhardt , 
 Hank Snow , and  Jerry Reed .  The awards these recordings won are too numerous to name here, but  Grammy s were not his only trophy--he was elected into the  Country Music Hall of Fame  in  1973 , the youngest person ever at the time to earn that honor.  In  1974 , he published his autobiography,  Country Gentleman .  In  1977 , he ended his association with  Gretsch  and helped  Gibson  design his new namesake guitar. 
 He signed on to  Columbia Records  in 1982, and awarded himself an honorary  degree , "certified guitar player," and started signing his name "Chet Atkins, c.g.p." at every opportunity.  He worked frequently with  Garrison Keillor  and appeared on  A Prairie Home Companion  as a regular guest.  He recorded a duet album called  Neck & Neck  with  Mark Knopfler  in 1990, and taught  Emmylou Harris  to play the  banjo .  He also collaborated with  Suzy Bogguss , former  Toto  bassist  David Hungate , champion fiddler  Mark O'Connor  and jazz greats  George Benson ,  Larry Carlton  and  Earl Klugh .  Artists who claim him as an influence include  Paul McCartney ,  Mark Knopfler ,  Les Paul ,  Duane Eddy ,  George Harrison ,  the Ventures , and dozens more.  In 1991, the City of Nashville renamed South Street to  Chet Atkins Place . 
 He died on  June 30, 2001  after a long battle with  cancer . 
 He was central to the creation of  the Nashville Sound , and was a  guitar   virtuoso .  He recorded over 75 albums, traversing musical boundaries between  country ,  jazz ,  bluegrass ,  pop ,  rockabilly ,  rock and roll , and his own instrumental finger-pickin' style.  He was and always will be "Mister Guitar." 
 
 This is paraphrased from Bob Oermann's and S.T. Erlewine's excellent and informative  biographies  of Chet on misterguitar.com;  panamaus  and  shro0m  provided some extra Chet  trivia . 
 
 
 
 In today's world, I find a number of my friends are growing more and more  cynical , and seem to have lost their  sense of wonder .  We order  Papa John's  and there, on the  pizza , are chunks of  pineapple  from  Hawai'i ,  ham  that was sliced extra thin from a  pig  in  South Carolina  a week ago,  and all of it gets cooked on my  whim  in just over 30 minutes.  A man brings this pizza, still hot from the  oven , to my doorstep from ten miles away, and I pay him with a scrap of paper that is  legal tender  anywhere in the country. 
 My friends, who are ordinarily pretty hip people,  dig in  to the  pizza  without a second thought,  blasé  as can be, without a moment's hesitation, because this  transaction  is  commonplace  these days. 
 But what would  Benjamin Franklin  think of this? 
 That's my secret.  That's the little tiny  candle  that I keep burning in my mind that lets me see everyday events like they're  brand new .  If  old Ben  ever heard me say that, he'd be a little worried, since he lost a sibling to the  candlemaking  industry... I think it was falling in a vat of  lye .   But I digress . 
 Why  Benjamin Franklin ? 
 Because he was a  hip  guy, even in the 1700s.  He's been cited as "the last person who ever read every book in the world," because after his lifetime, it quickly became an impossible task.  His  curiosity  and his inventive streak gave us  electricity , the  public library , and the  bifocal lens .  All the same, his belief in  God  made him  humble  and open to the  miraculous .  Lastly,  Poor Richard's Almanack  proves he understood  human nature  about as well as can be expected.  His wide range of interests mean that he would have a basic knowledge of  politic s,  science ,  medicine , the  English language , and  engineering  (as it was).  The time period he was from is not so far removed from our own to make  analogy  impossible or  tedious  when explaining technology... 
 Wait, "explaining" ?  Why would you ever have to explain technology to  Benjamin Franklin ? 
 Oh, right.  Well, because the way I figure out what Ben Franklin would think of something is to imagine bringing him here in a  time machine  and showing it to him.  For example, letting him observe the entire process of a  pizza delivery  would involve explaining the  telephone , the  pizza , the  corporation , the  automobile ,  overnight shipping ,  fresh fruit , and probably a few other concepts that are foreign to the 18th century.  If the  pizza boy  is not  Caucasian , you have to discuss  The Civil War  and  slavery . If you're using a  cordless telephone  or,  God help you , a  cellular phone , more explaining.  Including  satellite s and  space flight .   Good luck ! 
 Okay, right, so you explain this stuff to him.  Why does that make anything cooler? 
 Well, simple things like that are usually made cooler when you realize how many years of " progress " have led, seemingly  inexorably , to the ability of an American citizen to buy a  pizza  whenever he wants.  Think of how many hours you'd have to spend explaining everything that led up to it!  The pizza would be long-cold or long-gone, and you'd barely be on  mass production  and the  automobile .  What if he stopped you in the middle of  Henry Ford 's brainchild and asked about  child labor  or  the Great Depression ? 
 Right.  That would suck.  You'd be there, for like, weeks.  And how will this instill me with a sense of wonder? Now picture yourself going into work one day, prepared to do your miserable eight-hour shift at the  cube farm  in front of the  computer , interrupted by trips to the  bathroom ,  cafeteria , and  copier ... but when you get to work,  Benjamin Franklin  is there.  And he's really polite and everything, but--to put it bluntly--he has  questions .  Imagine the sheer volume of things he wouldn't understand, the number of things you'd have to explain, the  field trip s you'd have to take him on... Soon your sense of wonder about the little things in life will grow like a  bacterium  in a  nutrient -rich  petri dish . 
 Okay, so: The world is really  groovy  if you see it through  Benjamin Franklin 's eyes? 
 Yeah .  This does pre-suppose some assumptions.  I'll list them here to avoid disappointing anyone who actually manages to bring  Benjamin Franklin  forward through time. 
 
 DISCLAIMER 
 The Management  cannot be held responsible for  Benjamin Franklin : 
 being unwilling to ask questions,  surly ,  bellicose ,  recalcitrant ,  incontinent , or an  asshole 
 speaking with an unintelligible  accent  or in an incomprehensible  dialect  of  English 
 not surviving the  time travel , or expiring from  shock  or a  heart attack  upon arrival in the 21st century
 being  allergic  to, or unwilling to consume,  modern  food such as a  Big Mac 
 asking the "wrong" questions
 asking questions before you can answer them all
 breaking the law 
 breaking your computer
 refusing to believe your explanations
 not being able to drive  stick shift 
 
 ...or any other "failings".  This is a  gedankenexperiment .   Do not try this at home .  Thank you, that is all. 
 
 
 The first track off of  Eddie From Ohio 's 1998 release  Looking out the Fishbowl , this song shows off  Julie Murphy-Wells ' great ability to  emote  and to take on a  character  with her singing voice.  In this one, she's your typical  college graduate  who loves  Whitman  and  Sartre  and  Borges , infatuated with the allure of a  foreign  country.  You can decide for herself if she's truly in love, but know this: if she were from any  civilized  nation, she'd be able to find one language in common with him,  N'est-ce pas? 
 The  hook  of the song owes a quick debt to the  Indigo Girls '  Closer to Fine , but the tight percussion work on the  djembe  is all  Eddie 's. 
 
lyrics: 
 
You've got exactly  sixty seconds  to  tell me what you meant that ,  
one short  minute  to apologize.  
You've got exactly sixty seconds to tell me what you meant that,  
and I hear the  murder rate  is on the rise.  
 
I'm in love,  
 and  I do not speak the language .  
I'm in love,  
 but I don't understand!  
I'm in love,  
 and I do not speak the language,  
 but I try to speak the language  
 of  this foreign land .  
 
   
Here I am! Stupid American! Here I am.  
Here I am! Stupid American! Here I am.  
   
You've got exactly sixty seconds to think about that stupid question:  
a  baguette  doesn't come with a  bag .  
You've got exactly sixty seconds to take back that  stupid question --  
it's called a " baguette ", don't you get it?  
 
I'm in love,  
 and I do not speak the language.  
I'm in love,  
 but I don't understand!  
I'm in love,  
 and I do not speak the language,  
 but I try to speak the language  
 and it comes out sounding like :  
 
   
Here I am! Stupid American! Here I am.  
Here I am! Stupid American! Here I am.  
   
His heart is  Italy ,  
his kiss is  Paris ,  
his body is  Brazilian ,  
my heart is, my heart is...  
Ohhhhhhhhhhh...  
 -klahoma .  
 
You've got exactly sixty seconds to kiss me like a  European ,  
 one short minute  to show me how.  
You've got exactly  sixty seconds  to love me like  a spy .  
I've seen those  foreign films ! Do it, do it!  
 
Now I'm in love  
 with a man who says " Te amo ,"  
I'm in love!  
 He calls me " ma petite chou chou ,"  
I'm in love!  
 and I try to speak the language,  
 but I can't  understand  a single word he's saying.  
 
   
Here I am! Stupid American! Here I am.  
Here I am! Stupid American! Here I am.  
Here I am,  
Here I am...  
   
 
 
 
 I got me a  Honda , it's the size of a  trout , 
and I'm headin' on down to a  dirt shack . 
I got me a  Honda , it doesn't seat many, 
so  hurry up !  --and bring  a girl named Jenny ! 
 
 
 "As a member of the armed services, specifically  the branch that makes flying killy-things , I cannot stress enough what disappointment I would feel to be without  qeyser 's presence in  North Carolina  next month... Oh indeed. In fact, I would anticipate being so  distraught  that I would be beyond all  consolation  - save for the possibility of  his  participating in some of my  free-lance field research in low altitude rocketry aerodynamics ."   --Official Statement from  Jurph 's Publicity Reps.
 My  reputation  apparently precedes me, so I won't be bringing explosives, but I will be bringing guests in my now- infamous   Honda .  At least two of them if all goes well, with none tied to the hood.  At the very least, there will be one  mystery  non-noder who some of you may know, and another  mystery  non-noder who some of you definitely know.  I promise the following about my  mystery  guests: 
 
 None of them will be  Rocky Horror Picture Show   virgin s.
 Each of them knows what  corn pone  is.
 Each of them has seen me sing  karaoke .
 Each of them has eaten in a  Waffle House .
 Each of them has celebrated  Cheese Day  or  Cheese Day (observed) .
 
 And because I'm a  helluva  guy, I'm bringing some stuff to eat and drink.   Vernor's   ginger ale , perhaps a  corn pone ... I think a drum of  pretzel s or at least some  Pizzeria Pretzel Combos .  One mystery guest, for those of you playing along at home, will probably be bringing  Jameson Irish Whiskey , one will probably bring some  rum  and some  Coke , and I will be bringing  The Blue Drink , concentrated form, and  Sprite .   Ethanol , though not my drug of choice, mixes well with most  oxidizer s.  Oh, and  qeyser ?  I've got your  dialogue .... RIGHT HERE . 
 
 I can neither confirm nor deny the identity of the mystery guests. 
 
 
 
Sweep across your bedroom slowly: 
 black , the mostly purple grays, yellow of a moth or lamp or a winter
 beach . 
Interruption is a  rose , a pink paradise, 
dried-blood velvet when the lights are out, 
and only  the city  comes in through your windows. 
Your furniture whispers with  a lost tongue  - 
my  armchairs  and  couches  wouldn't know a word of it. 
         (I am new here, a traveller of a queen's sly fancy.) 
Without  glasses , the colors wash against each other 
uninterrupted except by blinking or  fragile  kisses . 
I sleep on the long sugared plains and valleys, ripe 
under a dark sky: the vineyard before a storm. 
I'm waiting to taste  a drop of rain 
that has spent  sunrise  on a bent, silver leaf. 
 
 jurph 
 
 
 
 The first half of the last song on  Phish 's  1993  album  Rift , listed separately here because it's a separate track.  The first thing you need to know is that it is, by all  normal  definitions, a separate song.  The next thing you need to know is that  Phish  have never played  The Horse  in concert without following it up with  Silent in the Morning .  Never ever.   I am not making this up . 
 Why?  Because the two songs go together so well.   The Horse  ends on the same chord that  Silent in the Morning  begins on, and on  Rift  there is no  discrete  moment where one track ends and the next begins.  The lyrics of  The Horse  are short and sweet, a quiet quatrain: 
 It's time I slip the  baggage  off this overburdened  horse , 
 sink my toes into the ground , and set a different course. For if I were here, and you were there,  I'd meet you in between , and not until  my dying day  confess what I had seen. 
 At 1:23, it's one of  Phish 's shortest, but it's still very heavy on the  instrumental ; the lyrics only take up the last 30 seconds of the song.  The " intro " is almost a minute of sparse  classical   acoustic   guitar , highlighting  Trey Anastasio 's talents with something that's not plugged in for once.   The Horse  almost serves as the  intro  to  Silent in the Morning --a breather before the big  car chase , or, more appropriately, the quiet conversation in the  cafe  before the  silver screen kiss . 
 One last note about this song: it is the only song on  Rift  that is not represented in the cover art of that album.  There is a marvelous painting by  David Welker  in indigo and black and shades of blue, and while he manages to put in a  Maze ,  an ice skater , and even includes the song " Lengthwise ," he couldn't manage to paint  The Horse  anywhere on the cover.  This was rectified by their next album  Hoist , whose cover features a bold  Day-Glo  background with the  artist ,  album title , and a bright  magenta  horse. 
 
 I'm sorry, I tricked you.  See, now you absolutely have to go read about  Silent in the Morning  because you can't have  The Horse  without following it with  Silent in the Morning .  Again,  I apologize for any inconvenience --that's just the way it is. 
 
 
 
 When we landed there was a cool mist falling in the  lee  shadow of the ridge.  I looked up at the sky and saw a river of cool white foam boiling, sprinting across the sky, tripped by the ridge into  turbulence .  I wondered briefly if our ship was still up there, waiting to carry us home, or if an over zealous   scout cruiser  had already blown it out of the sky.  Then I pushed that thought out of my head and started going down the list of  droids  that had command today, making sure their troops were prepared.  Droids are lucky: they never think about not making it back.  They never think about what they'll do if the  intel  was bad, or if they run out of  ammo , or if the ambush gets blown before we ever fire a shot.  They have been on the job from the moment the ramp dropped; four of them just got back from doing a  perimeter  check, and the rest have been warming up their combat links and checking their weapons one last time. 
 Command  is terrifying when you've got human lives at your fingertips.  When you have to tell a poor seventeen-year-old kid to go in, guns blazing, and shut off the  coolant  plant on the reactor because someone at  Tac   HQ  neglected to call for  air support  in time, and he says, " Yes, sir " and you and he both know that  the reactor is going to go critical  before he can ever get back to your position--when the  drop ship  comes back with one less body on board, and it's not your fault, it's just you doing your job, and you fill out the papers and he gets  a medal  and his folks get an empty box and a brand-new  uniform  to bury--when you wake up and realize you're in charge, it's scary.  And when you get  promoted  because  they can't fire the fuck-up  who killed your man, that's a little scary, too.  And the day you walk into the ready room and sixty-four black metal  exoskeleton s silently snap to attention, and their compressors all hiss quietly to take up the slack in the  pneumatic s, and you're the only thing in the room breathing air to stay alive, that's pretty scary.  But when you drop into a cold  LZ  on a dead planet, and your orders are "wait for the signal and then kill everything that moves," and those sixty-four droids are crouched or pacing or doing a sprint around the perimeter, and you're the only thing in 40  klicks  that needs an air tank, at least until the enemy shows up--that's the scariest day of your life. 
 For me, that was almost a year ago, and it's been a long one.  My droids started out with your standard  level 5  cognitive packages, and a few of them immediately began to learn from me.  The ones that run the show with me now are better than stock droids with a lab-enhanced level 7 package, which is so expensive that they usually don't let a level 7 into front-line combat, even if he's commanding a squad.  I've got a few on my team that are probably 8's, but I haven't taken them in for  garrison  checks in months.  And I've got one that I know is at least an 8; he helps run the company, and I'd get  court-martialed  if anyone who cared found out.  Did I say "he"?  I meant "it," but you'll have to forgive me if I think of them all as my men.  

 On one hand, I guess it's a shame that a lab-programmed level 7 isn't ever assigned to combat--he'd be an 8 by the end of the day, and they're rare enough to be considered  special ops  material.  On the other hand, a level 7 with no field  experience  at all might freeze up.  He might  kamikaze .  He might decide that the plan isn't ideal, and stop for an hour or two to think out the logic of the  chain of command  system or the elegance of calculating aim-points with  Markov model s.  He'd probably get  frag ged, and at that cognitive level,  the others would all lose something when he did .  They tried that, back at the beginning, when a level 5 was tough to grow in the lab and they only had a few.  It was hit or miss all the way: almost all the early missions were by-the-book success stories, but the failures were spectacular.  Sixty-four droids all simultaneously deciding to storm the objective and run their power plants up to  thermal maximum : the objective was obliterated and took everything in ten square kilometers with it.  Sixty-four droids simultaneously wiping their brains down to level one and shooting anything that moved, including each other--the one level 7 that walked out of that  firefight  decided that he didn't want to get back on the  drop ship , and tried to take it out with an  anti-tank  weapon at four times the  nominal  range... and missed a critical cooling vent by less than a meter. 
 It's been raining here for almost an hour, and I'm ready to go.  My troops--these droids, these machines that learn combat like humans but refuse to die--are also ready.  My command display inside my helmet shows a flurry of chatter in the comms:  double-check ing,  second-guess ing, comparing  scenario  results.  It's not " talk " like we think of it; if you analyzed it, you could pick out things here and there.  Blueprints for the  tank s we're expecting, overhead play-by-plays of past battles, small unit  tactics , drop ship trajectories... it's not "talk," but they're talking.  Every soldier since the invention of the  phalanx  has turned to the poor bastard next to him, and not knowing if either of them will live or die, said, "We can do this."  My droids are no different.   
 Sometime in the next fifteen minutes, a drop ship from an orbiting  cruiser  is going to break out of orbit and begin its descent towards the center of  Tango Base , and at that moment, a battery of enemy  artillery  is going to open up on all of Tango's heavy  AAA  positions.  The drop ship will be carrying  mechanized infantry  and some heavy armor.  When the AAA positions are gone, the drop ship will land, pick up the wounded (if any), drop off the armor behind Tango Base's smashed defenses, and set up a  point defense  for the fleet to use as a staging area.  In 48 hours, Tango Base is going to be  Core Fleet  City.  If it weren't for that annoying fact, Tango Base would be the best place on-planet to be right now.  Given the  ambush  that's coming, it's a bad neighborhood, and in a few minutes, if they have their way, it'll be useless for stopping an invasion. 
 Except that we're here to keep that from happening.  When the drop ship makes its move, sixty-four droids, all thinking together, are going to obliterate that artillery battery right as the order comes in to fire the first shell.  The drop ship won't be able to hear the " mayday " or the " abort " signal during re-entry, even if there is one.  She'll be coming in fast and furious, trying to get under the cloud layer that makes Tango Base such a perfect  staging area , trying to get that heavy armor unit on the ground where it'll do some good.  When it pops through the roiling, 400  kmh  winds into the calm spot behind the ridge over Tango Base, the pilot will realize that the prep mission has not been accomplished, and he may even be able to fire off his boosters and start an  emergency ascent .  He might be able to pull out of his landing path, run everything up to the  chock s, and  let it ride .  He might get clear of the  drop zone  before the AAA gets him.  But I know something he doesn't: I know what happens when my droids get fired up in a fight, and I know of at least one droid on my team who's been trying to bag a drop ship since his first day in combat. 
 
 As far as I know this doesn't really fit in with any existing  sci-fi  universe except the one that's constantly running rampant in my head.  There may or may not be a  naval battle  going on in orbit above the planet at the same time, and there may or may not be a fleet on the way to reinforce one side or the other, and there may or may not be small, agile  aircraft  that can fly in those 400  kmh  winds and are  dogfighting  above a different key base somewhere else on the planet.  I have no idea which side wins, or why they're even fighting.  Sorry if I confused you. 
 
 
 
 An easier way to understand this (and, in my limited experience,  teach  it) is to explain it with a  physical   metpahor : 
 You leave  point A  heading for  point B .  Point A is the beginning of a  turnpike --a highway with no exits except the  tollbooth s--and  Point B  is your exit, where your lovely  vacation  and some  tawdry sex  await you.   ( Don't leave out the tawdry sex! It makes the lesson easier to remember )   Needless to say, you're in a hurry.  Well, there are 65 miles to cover, and you cover them in less than an hour--actually 50 minutes.  The  cops --if there were any--didn't pull you, so you're safe, right?   Wrong . 
 As you hand your toll ticket to the lady in the booth, she smiles, and with your receipt, hands you a  ticket for speeding : 13 miles over the limit.  How can this be? 
 Well, dummy, here it is: Let "a" and "b" be the times you passed through points A and B,  respectively .  And let f(t) be your position at time  t .  Your  average velocity  for the trip is given by 
 f(a) - f(b) a - b 
 ...or, Hmmmm... 78  mph .  The  Mean Value Theorem  demands the existence of a time "c" at which your  velocity  (the  derivative  of  f(t) , or  f'(t) )was equal to 78mph.   QED .   Damn you, Joseph-Louis Lagrange! 
 
Some points you need to go over with the class, once they stop giggling:
 The function f(t) is  differentiable  in the  open interval  - I should hope so!  You always have a velocity, which is the derivative of your position.  Condition one,  check .
 The function f(t) is  continuous  in the  closed interval  - this means that when your car is sitting at the tollbooth and you're taking the first ticket, or when you're parked at  point B  getting your  speeding ticket , you and your car and your position must all be defined.  More to the point, you won't be getting on or off of the  turnpike  except at places able to measure your  displacement  and  time ; hence, for the purposes of this metaphor, both are always defined. Condition two,  check .
 
 
 
 
 An aircraft with three  wing s: this counts primary  aerodynamic  surfaces, but not the  tail .  Most  aviation  histories note the triplane as a  footnote  or a curiosity, due to its relatively short  heyday  around  WWI .  The idea for the triplane was born in the experimental department of the  Sopwith  during their search for a highly maneuverable  fighter  aircraft with a superior field of vision. 
 The original  Sopwith  triplane featured very short wings, with the middle (and longest) set flush with the top of the  fuselage .  The lower and upper sets were slightly shorter in  span , and blocked as little of the pilot's view as possible.  Because they had both small  wingspan  and short  chord  length, they gave the pilot a great vision advantage over  biplane s, and the third wing surface made up for the small size of all of them, as compared to  biplane s.  The short  chord  meant that a small change of  incidence  resulted in a comparatively larger change in  lift , which allowed a smaller  fuselage ; the short  wingspan  gave it relatively small  drag  during  roll s. 
 The best measure of its success as an  English  warplane was in the sudden profusion of  German  and  Austrian   triplane s produced after its first appearance in combat.  Innovative  designers such as  Fokker  realized its brilliance right away, and  WWI 's skies were full of six-winged birds for the rest of the war.  Progress, in its  ineluctable  way, caused an  arms race  of wings, and  quadruplane s were born soon after, but with little  marginal  increase in performance.  The redundancy of the extra wings was nice if you were damaged, but once engine technology advanced to the point where the  cockpit  needed to be closed,  monoplane s came back into  vogue  for good. 
 
 Notable  triplane s include:
 
 Sopwith Triplane  - the first!
 Fokker Dr.1  -  Germany 's reply
 Other  British  models:
 Sopwith Snark 
 Sopwith Rhino 
 Sopwith Hispano 
 Sopwith Cobham 
 Bristol Braemer 
 Felixstowe Fury 
 
 German  triplanes:
 Euler Dr.1 , along with Dr.2, Dr.3, Dr.4, and so on...
 Albatros Dr.2 
 Fokker V6 
 and lots more... 
 
 French  triplanes (three wings each, two names each):
 Neuport 17  - front stagger and back stagger versions
 Labourdette-Halbron triplane 
 Astoux-Vedrines triplane 
 Morane-Solnier TRK 
 Levy-Besson triplane 
 
 Austro-Hungary  produced a few, too:
 Brandenburg L16 
 Brandenburg Flying Boat  (!)
 Aviatik Dr.1 
 WKF Dr.1 
 Loehner Dr.1 
 Oeffag Dr.1 
 
 and, as an endnote, the  American   aeroplane  manufacturer  Curtis  made several models including the  Curtis Amphibian .
 
 
 
 
 In the US  military  (excepting the  Navy ), the fifth officer rank is  lieutenant   colonel .  The  Navy  equivalent is called a  commander , except when at the  helm , at which point he is referred to as " Captain ."  Likewise, in the other three services, a  lieutenant colonel  is usually called simply " Colonel " or " Colonel   last name ," unless it is unclear which officer is being named.  Since  O-5  is usually the grade at which an officer receives his or her first command, the personnel serving under this command refer to him or her as " The Colonel " to distinguish him or her from any other equally-ranked (but non-commanding) personnel in the unit. 
 Earning the rank of lieutenant colonel usually requires an  advanced degree  in some field of study-- business  and  management  are popular, but  technical  fields are also appreciated--as well as superior performance in a  subordinate  command position, such as being  XO  for the commander of a  wing  or a  brigade .  Those officers lucky and skilled enough to be in  combat arms  will earn their silver oak leaf by demonstrating  leadership  in the field, and will typically  make rank  earlier than the  remf s in the same service.  These officers will gain an  operational  command, such as a  fighter squadron  or a  fighter wing  in the  Air Force . 
 A lieutenant colonel makes an ideal  vice commander  to a " full bird "  colonel  if no command position is open.  The  light colonel  can help run the unit with a  good cop, bad cop  leadership style, gain experience and respect as the good cop, and learn how to be the bad cop when the  colonel  retires or gets a new assignment. 
 
 
 
 This is track #4 on  Phish 's 1999  studio   album  " The Story of the Ghost ," and it's been a  phan   favorite  since its debut on  October 7, 1994 .  It features  cryptic ,  creepy  lyrics that reminded me of  Esther  the first time I heard it.  The long instrumental at the heart of  Guyute  has some  hoedown  to it--and perhaps even a  jig , but it also reflects some of the bright energetic sound that fans recognize in songs like  Golgi Apparatus  and  Tweezer .  The studio version has their new, tighter  noodling :  Trey Anastasio 's guitar is sweet, crisp, and mellow,  Jon Fishman 's drums run  triplets  tighter than a Marine's haircut in  6/8   time signature  just as easily as when they switch to the  2/2   jig , and back again, and  Mike Gordon  keeps a tight backbeat on the  bass guitar .   Page McConnell  gets to shine in several places in the song; switching between a pounding  fugue  and a gentle  romp  through a meadow (in which one is romping with a  homicidal   pig !).  The  whistling  gives the song that light,  childish  flavor that worked so well in  Reba , and the same light-hearted glee that makes makes  clowns  so terrifying to little kids. 
 I won't apologize for the lyrics; they're  vintage   Phish , and if you're listening to the lyrics for  enlightenment  behind the  silliness , go put on some  They Might Be Giants  until you're ready for an unapologetic  jam band .  I will, however, tip you off to one thing: it's pronounced "guy-OO-tee" (to rhyme with  booty  and  beauty ), not "GUY-oot" (to rhyme with  galoot  and  taboot ).  Give it a listen on this album, and then go find a live version-- share and enjoy ! 
 
Guyute was the  ugly pig 
who walked on me, and danced a  jig , 
that he had learned when he was six, 
then stopped and did  some other tricks : 
like pulling  weapons  from his  coat , 
and holding them against my throat. 
He lectured me in  a lan guage s trange , 
then scampered quickly  out of range . 
 Trey whistles extended slow front-side jam, then climbing, climbing... 
 JIG ! 
then rising and falling... to a feverish  stutter  jam 
building up for an explosion 
...and the feverish stutter jam again, into 
the nearly-finished  Guyute  theme... 
 
I'm bouncing like a newborn  elf 
I can't remain inside myself 
Guyute glances in my eyes 
and manages to  hypnotize 
me as I sleep  the sleep of death . 
He sucks from me  my only breath 
that I have breathed since I was ten: 
I hope  this  happens once again! 
 
 
 
 
 When I was a child, I was absolutely convinced that being  ten  years old meant that I was far too old to need a  babysitter . So, I convinced my parents that I could be safely left home alone, that I knew all the  emergency phone numbers , etc.  
 One of the caveats was that I was not allowed to make  outgoing calls  on the phone unless it was someone I knew, and I had to take messages.  But I realized very quickly that my parents wouldn't be able to check on me.  I played with my  Legos , mostly--being the " good boy " that I was--and that was fun enough to  assuage  even the  boredom  of a ten-year-old with an overactive imagination, until about 9:00 P.M. 
 I had read a list of  prank calls  a while back, and got feeling  mischievous .  I dialed a local number at random, but all that happened was the  answering machine  picked up.  The prank would work much better on someone who was home, but I was so eager to try the prank, I left a message anyway.  I said,  "Your phone has been wired. Do not pick up the phone for the next hour, or the operator will be electricuted as she makes the connection. TRUST ME. Do not open the door. They're watching you." 
 I hung up and laughed and laughed and laughed, but the  prank  wasn't complete!   The whole point  was that someone had to be there to answer, to be terrified by the warning, to be scared into...
 hiding in ( his or her ) loft, armed with marbles and Light-Bright pegs, in case someone tried to break into the house. 
 Because after  twenty-five  minutes, I could call back to this scared person.  And call back, and call back, and call back, until someone answered.  And then, knowing full well that they were picking up a phone they thought to be  wired  for  220 Volts , I could take a deep breath, and exhale it all in my best "electrocuted operator" impression: a  blood curdling 
 Aaaaauuuuuggghhhhhhh!!!! 
 ...and then hang up and  pee  my  pants  from  laughing .
 
 katallen , it wasn't  really  me calling--I've just tried to reconstruct the call as it might have happened from the other end.  This  prank call  was a classic before  caller ID .
 
 
 
 "Nobody can give you freedom." -- Lord Acton 
 If you're in  Baltimore, MD , this phrase may sound familiar to you, and with good reason.  Coming into the city  northbound  on  I-395  ( aka   Martin Luther King Jr. Blvd. ), the road bends to the left at this  hairy  intersection and you find yourself on Howard Street.  A few lights later, you pass under Mount Royal Avenue, and if you look closely, you'll notice that a local  wag  has expressed this  cynical  thought in  spray paint  on the  overpass . 
 I didn't notice it until my first day of  Air Force   ROTC .  I was driving a  Ford Aerostar  with a few other  wet behind the ears   cadet s in tow, and we were all overwhelmed by a day of  indoctrination .  Not that it had been a bad day, we'd just all been up since  0400 , and were all overloaded with new information.  My friend Ben, who was sitting  shotgun , saw the  motto  at the same time I did, and we both said it simultaneously.  But we didn't just  say  it; we'd been trained on  command voice , so we shouted it:
 "No government can ever give you freedo-o-o-o-om!" 
with the last syllable trailing off as we flew under the  overpass .  The other two or three cadets cracked up, until one of them said, "Hey, isn't that kind of...  anti-establishment ?" 
 {{dead silence}} 
 And then I think we all realized it at once: no government can  give  you freedom--you have to take it, seize it, and exercise your rights, or you don't have them.  That's how we--"we" meaning "those  Founding Fathers " everyone talks about--got the  First Amendment  and the  Bill of Rights .  But even then, the government's handwriting on  a piece of paper  doesn't guarantee you anything; it's writing on a piece of paper, and until you  take  the freedom, the paper is useless.   
 Furthermore, whoever sprayed it on the overpass  gets it : whoever he or she is--we'll give "her" the benefit of the doubt--she's one of the only  American s out there who is taking advantage of the  freedom s that I give up by  wearing the uniform .  The idea that "No government can ever give you  freedom "  is   subversive --if you're not out exercising the freedom the government has "given" you, and that I work every day to secure for you, then you may as well be in  jail . 
 For the next four years, every time I passed under that bridge--most of the time in my  uniform --I was only too proud to shout,  "No government can ever give you freedom!" 
 
 ...and going the other direction under the overpass, I would gleefully shout, "freedom you give ever can government No!"  This doesn't make as much sense, but  it's a free country , right? 
 
 
 
 HELLO  my  name  is: 
 Jurph 
 Junior 
 it would not be a funny funny joke to lock the sleeping people in the basement p.s. please 
 of no concern
 Rupert 
 Cornelius 
  #16
 2LT PARSONS 
 the real Slim Shady 
 two words that will scare you because the planets are lined up funny 
 
 Welcome  to the party.  Everyone wears two  name tags  but everyone has way more than two names.   Some of us  don't have any names yet, but actually have lots.   HELLO my name is:  sex toy .   HELLO my name is:  I'm not a noder HELLO my name is:  theonomist 
 Everyone says "I'm terrible with names," but everyone always remembers  your name  at parties--so who is it, besides you, that forgets names? 
 QUESTION 2.  Do you have (a) more names than identities,  (b) more identities than names,  (c) the same of each, or  (d)  None of the above ? 
 I met 47 cool people this weekend. I got to meet-- maybe --20 of them.  Each of them was a  beautiful, unique snowflake , but each of them was actually... two or three... or four?   Too much .  We'll assume, for my sanity's sake, that you each had only 2 names.   That's still more than forty names.   What do I call the person whose face I can see in my mind, but whose  noder   name  isn't his  true name ?  How can I talk to  czeano  about my friend from  college  who looked exactly like him?  When you ask  Jurph   a question that he can't answer , but you get a reply anyway,  who answers?   Do any of us have a  true name , or will I someday laugh at myself for believing there was ever such a thing as  Jurph ?
 A friend of mine introduced himself to my  high school  class as "Charles, don't call me Chuck."  What did we call him?  Chuck!   And he was Chuck for the next four years, and in  college , too, and he still signs things " Chuck ".  So which is it?   HELLO my point is : no, not yet, hang on... 
 Goth joke  overheard in  Columbus : 
 Two  Goths  meet at a party, introduce themselves, and after a soulful pause, one says to the other, "No, what's your  real  name?" 
 The other bashfully admits another name, and the first smiles.  He catches the gleam in her beautiful, over- mascara 'd eyes, and says to her: "No, what's your  real name ?" 
 So now, at last, my point: when the person that is me has changed far beyond what  Jurph  ever was, will you still call me  Jurph ?  And even if I answer to it, will either of us ever be certain that it's me? 
 
 
 
There's  no reason  to leave this poem  alone . 
Take it and 
 I swear 
It will not  swallow you like mirrors 
or paint you poorly  monochrome 
on a  rain -bleached  handbill . 
 
 
 There's no reason  to leave this poem  alone . 
Take it: 
 I swear 
It means  you will find someone 
if you can stand  omens  and  monuments 
made of paper and not stone. 
 There's no reason to leave this poem  alone . 
Take it. 
I swear 
when you walk past this last line 
and  have not taken me to heart 
that I will have  another poem  waiting. 
 -- jurph 
 
 
 
 Pearl Jam 's  debut  album, released in 1991, stood on the other side of the dividing line from  Nirvana 's  Nevermind  and defined  Seattle 's music scene.  In doing so, they both-- inadvertantly  or not--pointed  rock and roll  in the direction it would have to  evolve  to survive  hair bands ,  boy bands , and  hip-hop . 
 It is a monument to  internal struggle , an album loaded with  searing  guitar work,  seismic  drums, and everything that made  classic rock  classic back before  Ronald Reagan .  The lyrics are  selfish ,  anxious ,  lonely , and seething with  alienate d  rage .  Every  teenager  who wasn't part of the  fun bunch  in 1991 secretly knew that  Kurt Cobain  and  Eddie Vedder  were singing about them--and the ones who were part of the  fun bunch  bought this album because  MTV  told them to.  It stayed on the charts for five years, in an age where  top 40  was gaining a chokehold on the  music industry  by tossing a new  pop   fluff  stooge up to #1 every month.  It was still selling millions of copies when  Kurt Cobain  killed himself and the new " next big thing " that had been " grunge " was proclaimed dead. 
 There are no bad songs on this album, and the order of the tracks is simply right.  From edge to edge of the sound landscape,  Pearl Jam  used this album to redefine what it meant to " rock ."  The band poured sweat and angst into every note, pulling back tight to do quiet songs like  Oceans  or  Release , but still leaving the feeling of  intensity  riding just under the surface.   Black  and  Alive  are those rare, difficult gems: the  explosion s in slow motion, the  power ballad s with fangs.   Eddie Vedder  didn't give up until he had put every raindrop's-worth of  sorrow  and  pain  into the recording, but it comes off like he almost didn't give a damn if you heard it or not: he just had to get it out before he was swallowed in his own misery. 
 ...
 Once 
 Even Flow 
 Alive 
 Why Go 
 Black 
 Jeremy 
 Oceans 
 Porch 
 Garden 
 Deep 
 Release 
... 
 After the end of  Release , there is a bizarre instrumental.  If your  CD  player is on  repeat , you'll notice that it's the same  off-kilter  instrumental that prefaces  Once .  Even though you can actively listen to it and appreciate all of it, the album can also be played  over and over  as background music, without that  nauseating  feeling of the  passage of time  that you might normally get from hearing the first track again.  You never think, "Shit, is it starting again?"--you just wonder if, perhaps, you've heard this song before, perhaps somewhere else. 
 
 
 
 A  JHU   Mental Notes  version of  Billy Joel 's classic  doo-wop  hit,  The Longest Time .  It appears as track #9 on their debut album,  verticality .  It is consistently a  crowd pleaser , because it brings together all of the things the  Mental Notes  are famous for:
 senseless violence 
 catchy pop hooks 
 raunchy   sexual   humor 
 cheery  lead vocals 
 neat-o  firearms   sound effects 
 and all  with no instruments ! 
 
Whoa-oa-oa, I just shot a mime... (x2) 
 
Saw him in the park the other day, 
he just smiled and motioned " A-OK !" 
He was so silent; 
he made me grow so violent! 
I can't believe it, I just shot  ( ricochet ) 
a mime. 
 
What's this voice I'm hearing in my head, 
telling me that mimes should all be dead? 
Shouldn't have listened, 
but then his  grease paint  glistened, 
and I just lost it--I just shot  ( 9mm ) 
a mime. 
 
Just because I shoot one every week, 
doesn't mean that I'm some kind of freak; 
Mimes, I don't like, oh, 
does that make me a  psycho ? 
I couldn't help it, I just shot  ( pump shotgun ) 
a mime! 
 
 Now I knew that I had to run: 
 I had no cash--but I had a gun! 
Searched his wallet, I was in luck: 
he carried fifty bucks 
and it was more than I'd hoped for... 
 
 Cops  drove up--the mimes all turned me in 
I got nowhere  walking 'gainst the wind . 
That's how they found me, 
when they put the cuffs around me. 
They seemed unhappy...  I just shot  ( automatic rifle ) 
a mime. 
 
 Had my trial in  court  yesterday. 
Was it so wrong?  I couldn't say. 
The  jury  wasn't swayed by my tears: 
they gave me fifteen years 
and it was more than I'd hoped for... 
 
Now I languish in a  prison cell . 
All the inmates  know me very well . 
Our  prison guard   Rich 
has  claimed me as his new bitch ! 
I guess I earned it, 'cause I shot  ( Ewwwww ) 
a mime. 
 
Whoa-oa-oa-oa, I just shot a mime. (x4)
 Lyrics © 1997 The JHU Mental Notes, Joshua Berg, Joshua Greenberg, J.R. Parsons, and used with permission. 
 
 
 
 Swim to the light source, or fly like a  moth , and toss away stuff you don't need in the end, but keep what's important, and know who's your friend. -- Phish ,  Theme from the Bottom 
 
 Friday 
 first impressions ,  pipelinks ,  what's in a name? ,  grounded ,  cats that think they're dogs 
 I knew I was coming from a co-worker's  wedding reception .  I knew that I would be arriving before  czeano .  I knew a few  E2  names from the guest list.  Other than that, I was going in completely blind--but at least I was going in well-dressed.   Overdressed , it turned out.  Having come from a wedding reception, I had a  necktie  on, and if one didn't notice my belt and  combat boots ,  one  might swear that I was a  laid-back   conservative   suit . 
 Arriving in a smoky living room in  zot-fot-piq's den of decadence , I realized that I didn't know anyone, and that  jeans  were in order.  Introductions were made all around.  I promptly forgot most of them, but managed to retain  ideath ,  Becca ,  brainwave ,  ccunning ,  Void_Ptr ,  WonkoDSane , and  zot-fot-piq 's noder names, which was enough for me to (gradually) piece more names together later.   Becca  and I had a brief but animated discussion about her  teddy bear's name  as it related to  my "real" name .  I politely declined to be called by  it  and opted for  Jurph  or  J.R. ; I prefer  Jurph , but  noder s are expected to have two names, I guess. 
 Someone with  initiative  suggested dancing--a trek was organized to  Outland .  I ditched my buttoned-up shirt and tie on the  dance floor  and improvised a  choker  out of a  shirt garter .  I didn't get a look at myself in the mirror, and in retrospect, I probably looked pretty silly, which my  dancing  probably didn't help.  By the time I took my first break from the music, a non-noder who had come along was being  flayed , and  taunting the dominatrix .  For those of you who have never had the  pleasure , this is  a bad idea .  I volunteered for the  electric chair --a  van de Graaf  set up next to the  rack .  My impressions: 
 before - "... b ecause   I've never done it before!   Besides, it can't hurt that much."
 during - " Yow . "
 after - " Like getting your skin unzipped ."
 
 The fatigue of a long day set in, and I settled down, and  tandex 's wife--soon to be my gracious host--told me about the really cool restaurant she's opening up near  I-71 .  Now that I've had her cooking, I'm definitely going to eat there, just watch me and see if I don't.   So there .  The walk back was amusing-- Becca  had  hiccups , the  whipping boy  was drunk, and I was getting sleepy.  On our return to  ground zero , I met some more noders--I remember  aphexious  being someone I hadn't met yet--and probably re-introduced myself to people I'd already met, and generally wandered about.   WonkoDSane  and I lucked out and scored  bed s at  tandex 's house with the  cats that think they're dogs .  Actually,  Niles  was the one that really blew my mind.  I'm not a cat person, but  HOT DAMN!  this was a cool cat... I petted the cat for a bit, talked  E2  with  WonkoDSane  for a bit, and slept for the other bits.   I don't think I realized what I had gotten myself into, but it seemed like the potential for fun and insanity were there in equal parts .
 
 "Upon us all, a little rain must fall." -- Led Zeppelin ,  The Rain Song 
 Saturday 
 NPR ,  Wendy's  for breakfast,  reunion ,  aerobie   defoliation ,  pre-flight ,  freebird ,  "...a golden god!" ,  direct orders ,  pyrotechnics ,  "property" ,  spelunking ,  pudding ,  lips . 
 Woke up at nine-ish, after  bad dreams about drowning .  The cat by my bed spoke to me, but  I'm not fluent in Cat .  I showered, got dressed, and  tandex  and I passed the morning in pleasant conversation, with  NPR  in the background.   Eric the Multifaceted  dropped by with his wife Jeanette to help  tandex  and Stephanie and  WonkoDSane  and I prepare some of the catered food.  They brought back some  Wendy's  for a late late breakfast... Mmmmmmmm,  Frosty .  I put my  skills  to work in the kitchen helping prep the veggies.  Jeanette humbled me with her much simpler method of dicing  tomato es.   WonkoDSane  and I departed for the party, which, according to the  warning label  was not set to go off until 8pm.   Dire Straits  on the stereo--a  good omen . 
 Czeano  was the first noder I saw when I got in, and glorious guttural growls of " Dongtar !" were uttered along with the requisite hugs of recognition.  I was stunned to note that I recognized other faces, and hadn't forgotten everyone's names.  I remember a brief discussion about  fireworks , which  czeano  recalls in  much more detail .  Despite the light mist and threat of rain, we--or damn near all of we--headed for the park. 
 Frisbee s were there, and a  balloon , and  ideath  with her  indian clubs  and  juggling  balls.  An  aerobie  was in the tree, but that didn't last long.  Some rope from my car, and  Sane Guy 's  pinpoint accuracy   caber tossing , and that thing didn't stand a chance.  Nor did the tree, really.   Agent Orange  never defoliated this well!  I suspect there were  people  who were enjoying tossing things at the aerobie more than tossing the aerobie to other people. 
 In between the various bouts of things getting thrown with  high precision , I managed to actually  get to know  a bunch of noders.   Books ,  movies ,  music , corporate law... it was all good.  If I had to pick a moment of the party that I enjoyed most, it was that hour or two.  Like the guy from that  sci-fi  flick, I realized it all at once:  E2 is people!   It happened while I was talking to  ideath  and  Void_Ptr , or maybe  aphexious  and  BAR  and  Protector of Mankind , or possibly  neil --I felt the full impact of the idea that every  noder  has a whole life of stories to tell, and experiences that they share with the rest of us, and every node is a hopelessly inadequate expression of that, until you've met the person who wrote it and can see them in the situation.  From there on out that day, I realized how amazingly cool it is to look through the eyes of someone totally unlike you, and realize that, by some quirk of fate, he or she sees a lot of the exact same things you do. 
 When the rain started to threaten us, most people left, but a few stayed back.  Like  Schroedinger's Cat , the  aerobie  came out of the tree as soon as nobody was observing the effort it took to remove it.  A victory cry of " Dongtar !" was briefly rallied, but  it didn't catch .  As the people continued to arrive, the park group began to  percolate  through the house, grabbing snatches of  face time  and  wisdom  from passing noders, or settling like leaves into short-lived conversational piles. 
 Alcohol , forbidden by the state of  Ohio 's " open container " laws, was imbibed.  I didn't partake, but I rarely do, and I didn't want to miss anything that might occur later.  There were  portabello   mushrooms , and I almost missed out.  There were  cake  and  ice cream , and I did not miss out.   Brassmule  and  Sane Guy  went in search of  miscellanea , to include  alcohol  and  Pizzeria Pretzel Combos .  I bumped into a guy who I recognized as  Eric the Multifaceted , only he was  airbrushed  to a lovely golden sheen, like  Doc Savage, Man of Bronze .  We exchanged greetings briefly, I wondered about his " theonomist " name tag briefly, and then went out to eat my cake while he painted a bat on  Clampe 's face.  The groceries got back, and I scarfed my  Combos  until  ccunning  suggested that I retrieve my  amp  and set up for our  epic   setlist  of twenty or so  half  songs.   When we set up, I didn't have any idea what to expect, but we had an amazingly supportive audience.   ...until they realized what they were supporting. 
 We sucked  in the grand style of all  street performers  who have never practiced.   We sucked  with pride and glory and  audience participation  and forgotten lyrics.  We  rocked . We played such favorites as: 
 It's the End of the World as We Know It 
 Laid 
 Song 
 Loud  Song 
 Quiet  Song 
 American Pie 
 (Hit me) Baby One More Time 
 The Sweater Song 
 and everyone's favorite, 
 Fsck You, Jared! 
 
 We heckled the audience, and we earned a  quarter . 
 Around this point,  karmaflux  showed up.  He really likes  West Side Story .  He named his  Government Issue  rifle  Fibonacci , because its  serial number  was #235.  He's a  grunt , but he's  not your average grunt  by any stretch.  Adding  karmaflux  to the mix at this point, along with the carload he came with, was like  turning the "weird" knob up to 11 .  We talked  military  with  the Pope  and  Neil , and it was educational to say the least--I'm just a lowly  second lieutenant , and I learned a lot just listening.  At some point,  karmaflux  explained to  Becca  what could happen to him if he disobeyed my  direct order s.  Honestly, until that point, I didn't understand what it meant to be  in charge  of--and totally  responsible  for--someone. 
 I went back inside, talked with more people, had another  Coke , continued to marvel at the density of cool people.   Girlface  and I talked about  India  and the  Atlanic Ocean  and  whale watching , and  Void_Ptr  and I climbed around on the outside of  zot-fot-piq 's  Yellow Brick Noder Shell ,  leather booty  and all!  I had a stunning (actually incapacitating) burst of  deja vu  from a dream I'd had almost a year ago.  At this point, things get hazy in my mind: did  Gone_Jackal  and  karmaflux  get in the  pudding  pile before or after  Rocky Horror Picture Show ?  Did  the Pope  give me  South Dakota  before or after  zot-fot-piq  reluctantly agreed to let me place an  inferno  inside a  beer bottle ?  Who didn't I manage to talk to?  What was the  song  playing on the computer upstairs?  Was that  stand/alone/bitch  who taught me to say " Where are my pants? " in  Hungarian ?  I remember taking a mouthful of  151 rum  and  breathing fire  briefly.  That was fun. 
 By the time I got back to  tandex 's house, I had already begun to forget things, muddle them in my mind, and I had to refer to the  journal  I brought for details.  Even there and then, the answer to "what next?" was: talk, and listen, and listen, and talk.  After one last really cool conversation, I fell asleep almost instantly, and dreamed of  the ocean  and a  desert . 
 
 "..." 
 
 Sunday 
 up in the morning ,  does his teeth ,  bite to eat ,  rolling ,  bite to eat ii ,  hugs not drugs ,  rolling ii ,  epilogue :  E2 is People! 
 Again with the cat in front of my face.  Again with the  paws .  Hmmmm.... breath tastes like  Pizzeria Pretzel Combos .   Brush teeth .  I managed to snag a ride with  Morgon77  and his  Delaware  Destroyer  back to the  Short North .  Great  bumper sticker s and a smooth transmission.  Not quite  WonkoDSane 's rented  Mustang , but  WonkoDSane  was, at the time,  easy to measure , and I had a car to load.   Tandex  informed us that there were breakfast reservations for a party of 20 at 2pm.   I love America . 
 Upon returning to the party, I found that everyone was still there, and the party was still groggily going on.  I mean: everyone.  Well, I think  czeano  bugged out.  I went out back, found my  Pizzeria Pretzel Combos  that I'd left neatly sealed in their  waterproof  bag during the night's rain, opened them again, and  scarf ed a few.   Brassmule , bless his soul, was entitled to a handful or two, since he'd bought them for me--nobody else seemed interested in  sodium  and  cheese  that early in the morning. 
 After trying, in vain, to convince  aphexious ,  BAR , and  Protector of Mankind  to join us for breakfast and convoy back with me on  I-70 , I packed my gear back in my  Honda Accord , including the  mix tape   Girlface  gave me and a  robin's egg  that I found while talking to  Gamaliel . 
 I pulled my car back up to the party when it was announced that the  breakfast   convoy  was leaving, and took on  one passenger .  I was third in the convoy, so  what could possibly go wrong?   The two cars in front of me split up.  I decided to follow the leftmost car--it was  Bart , our host, so he had to know where he was going... right?  Right.  He knew the route so well that he had shaken me in about 4 blocks.  I tried  faking it --but I should have known:  Faking it with a cute girl makes you both look silly .  That is to say, I informed  Void_Ptr  that I was winging it, and trying to lead the convoy to  glory  or  breakfast .   Glory must be south of Columbus , because I missed the exit for  breakfast  and kept losing latitude.  At a  fortuitous  red light,  Sane Guy  flashed his headlights.  I believe he was behind  Xamot , who had elected to trust my driving, too.   Foolish mortals . 
 I'm shocked that I couldn't feel the  XP  bleeding out my ears-- Sane Guy  was cursing me left, right, and sideways for missing the turn... but still following us.  He pulled around and took the lead, and life was good once more.  I'm glad he stopped us when he did, or we might never have eaten.  On our (correct) way to the  Starliner Diner ,  Void_Ptr  and I discussed  National Missile Defense ,  trophy girlfriend s,  dyslexia , and how her brother is a  shoo-in  for the  Naval Academy . 
 The  Starliner Diner  was  The Paper Moon Diner  meets  Holy Frijoles --great breakfasty food with a  Cuban  flavor, slightly overpriced, but huge portions.  I ordered the  blueberry banana pancakes , sat between  mordel  and  brainwave,  and we talked about how  nodes  grow up, how  noders  grow up, and how strange it was that
 We all met on " The Internet ,"
 we had only met each other face to face, for the most part, yesterday,  and
 we were, nonetheless, all friends. 
 Weird ,  neh ?  The food was great, the check was huge, and the tip was almost as big.   E2  is a good customer.  Conversation died down, seats were shuffled, and the party revved up again, quietly, in the parking lot.  At this point, I had to say my goodbyes and get back to  Fairborn, OH .  So, how do you say "goodbye" to forty  complete strangers  you met less than 48 hours ago?   Hugs .  I could  rant  on this for hours--about how people are afraid to hug each other, how  homophobia  has made us all idiots, how  Europeans  know how to hug--but I won't.  I'll just say that  Everythingians  are some of the coolest people I've ever met, and I've never met so many awesome people in so short a time span. 
 The drive back was good and bad: there was so much to think about, and my good mood to revel in, but there was nobody to share it with.  It was a long hour and a half.  When I got home, there was a /msg from a  noder  wishing me a safe arrival. 
 
 E2 is people! 
 /me gives  zot-fot-piq  his  Alfred E. Neuman  mask, his  Sergio Aragones  backdrops, and a  Spy vs. Spy  hat.  That's right...  MAD props . 
 
 
 
 An  American   interstate   highway  that runs  west  from  Baltimore, MD 's  beltway  ( I-695 ) to  Cove Fort, UT , where it joins  I-15 .  Interchanges with other interstates are denoted below with a percent sign. 
 Route: 
 Baltimore, MD  -%-  I-95 
 speed trap s at mile markers 71 and 68 
 Hagerstown, MD  -%-  I-81 
 speed trap s at mile markers 19 through 21
 Hancock, MD  -%-  I-68 
 Breezewood, PA  -%- Joins up with the Eastern  I-76 , the  Pennsylvania Turnpike  until
 New Stanton, PA , the last exit on the PA 'pike.
 speed trap s at mile markers 20 and 15
 Washington, PA  -%-  I-79 
 Wheeling, WV 
 Cambridge, OH  -%-  I-77 
 speed trap s at mile markers 169 and 121
 Columbus, OH  -%-  I-71 
 Dayton, OH  -%-  I-75 
 Indianapolis, IN  -%-  I-65 
 speed trap  at mile marker 99
 Effingham, IL  -%-  I-57 
 Troy, IL  -%- Joins  I-55  until
 St. Louis, MO , where  I-55  continues  south .
 speed trap s at mile markers 220, 212, 199, 166, 162-137, 114, 104.  Keep the big hand on the  65  and the little hand on the  F .
 Kansas City, MO  -%-  I-35 
 Topeka, KS 
 Denver, CO  -%-  I-25   and  a different  I-76 , this one linking Denver and  Big Spring, NE .
 speed trap  at  Colorado  mile marker 266 and  Utah  mile marker 40-54
 Cove Fort, UT  -%-  end of the line:  take  I-15  or stay in  Utah .  Your pick. 
 
 Beartraps.com supplied the  speed trap  warnings on this route.  The  mile marker s are numbered from the western or southern border of the state, depending on your direction of travel.  They will be marked.
 
 
 
 A  second lieutenant  I work with was transferring jobs within our building, and needed to clear the switch at an absurdly high level, which involved him making several phone calls a day to  Air Force   Personnel   Command   headquarters  in  San Antonio ,  Texas .  Some other LT's in the branch, realizing that he had no idea exactly who had the authority to sign off on his form, left him an  inscrutable  note in  cryptic  handwriting.  All that was legible was "AFPC headquarters --  Colonel Sanders  -- (210)- 366-4827 ".  The  lieutenant , relieved that someone was actually taking the initiative to return his calls, but terrified because it was an  O-6 , didn't think twice, and called the number. 
 "Hello?" 
 "Hello, San Antonio {garble garble  español }?" 
 "Hi, can I speak to Colonel Sanders?  This is  Lieutenant   name withheld ." 
 "{ unintelligible }?" 
 " Colonel Sanders , please?   I'll talk to your supervisor--maybe he can help ."
 "One moment." 
 NEW VOICE : "Hello, how can I help you, sir?" 
 "I'm trying to get a hold of Colonel Sanders, please." 
 "Sir, do you mean the manager?" 
 "Well, I'd like to speak to the Colonel.  Colonel Sanders, please." 
 "Ah... well, um.  I'm the manager here.  Colonel Sanders is our, um, founder." 
 {{ light bulb  goes on}} 
 "I see. Thank you." 
{{click.}} 
 He spent the next ten minutes swearing loudly up and down the aisles of the  cube farm  while we all had a good laugh at his expense.  He was quite the good sport, and between the " God Damn !"s and the "Piece of..."s, he kept saying, "Okay, you got me. You got me good." 
 
 Phone numbers have been changed for my own completely capricious purposes. 
 
 
 
 Even the  samurai  have teddy bears; and even the  teddy bear s get  drunk . 
--wisdom of  /usr/games/fortune 
 
 
 Ryoku - sensei  told me not to venture to the far north unless I was prepared.  He passed along, by way of sideways critiques of my  swordsmanship , his wisdom about teddy bears and samurai.  Foolishly, my ambition got the best of me, and I have been separated from my ambitions--I am the shell of a warrior you see today.  I  forsook  my training with the  katana  and took up the  gaijin   playing cards  in preparation for my quest; I was going to defeat the great  samurai   Tzu Do  at that most difficult of card games,  Mao .  I left Ryoku's  dojo --forgive me for my impudence,  sensei !--and set out on my own with my steel and a deck of cards. 
 Clearheaded and cocky, I ventured east until I reached the sea, spending my nights playing  solitaire  and building my focus for the long nights ahead.  When I found a village along the way, I would venture to the center at meal time, and ask loudly three times, "Who here can challenge me at playing cards?"  Invariably, someone would present himself to defeat me.  Naming a game I had never heard of, he would teach me the difficult rules, and I would teach him the rules of a game I had learned.  I would bet him a day of my labor against a day of his training that I could win both games, and we would play.  Often I would work in the village for a week before I mastered the game and won a day of training, but I always won eventually. 
 In this way I made it to the coast, and learned many things.  I learned first the art of  War , then the game of  21 , then games of skill with similar themes.  A region near the coast was populated only with players of the many games called  Poker , of which I had heard but had never played.  Three hermits I met in the mountains taught me  feudalism , deriding me with insults and getting me drunk on  sake .  I worked for a month, each day fighting off a  hangover , before I recovered and defeated them. 
 As I walked the coast to the north, eating fish from the sea and playing all the forms of  solitaire  I had learned to keep my mind sharp, I realized that I had still never been taught the rules of  Mao .  I had forgotten how to use my  katana  except to clean fish.  I was a disgrace, but I saw myself through  jade  eyes and continued to far north, seeking out  Tzu Do 's hard-earned glory for my own. 
 When I arrived at his  dojo , I found a circle of silent students in the courtyard, passing around cards.  As I approached, one of them said, " Point of order ," and all the cards were placed, facedown, on the stones.  Introductions were made, and I asked what the rules were.  The students laughed. 
 I demanded to speak to the master.  They laughed, and one of them answered "He will only speak to you if you can defeat him at  Mao ."  I told them I would be happy to defeat him, if they would tell me the rules.  They laughed some more, and then one of them, completely serious, locked eyes with me. 
 "Do you want to be a slave here?" 
 "I have been enslaved in worse places." 
 "That is apparent from your looks." 
 "You dare insult me?  I will defeat the master, and I will defeat all of you to show that I can." 
 "He will defeat you, as he defeated each of us, and he will take your most prized possession, and the price of losing a hand is a month of slavery.  As for defeating us, we have spent the free moments of our slavery practicing the game as best we are able.  You could not hope to defeat us." 
 I scoffed, and asked where I could find the master.  They looked at me as one regards a child, and put away their cards.  Two of them stood up and escorted me to the town in the valley.  We entered the  sake  house and I knew  Tzu Do  on sight.  He was drunk on  sake  and playing  feudalism  with three friends who were even more drunk, and it was clear that, although he had consumed much wine, he was winning.  I allowed him the honor of a victory, watched each of the losers drink again to learn their shame.  Curiously, instead of the winner's second taking the cards from the table and placing them in order, the man I knew to be Tzu Do collected them and placed them on a cushion next to him with a small stuffed bear that was soaked in rice wine.  I approached his table, confident of my victory against this man and his  drunken   teddy bear . 
"I am here to defeat you at  Mao .  Tell me the rules so we may play cards."
 He laughed, and spoke quietly to the small stuffed bear on the cushion next to him.  He paused, as though listening to an answer, and then fixed me with his gaze.  He gestured for me to take a seat, dealt me and the two students their cards, and spoke.  "A point of order--has this yokel been informed of the price of a game with the mighty  Tzu Do ?"  One of the novices nodded.  "Very well," he said, "end point of order.   The only rule of  Mao  that I can tell you is this one." 
 I was defeated.  My ambitions caused me to curse, my cursing cost me valuable plays, and I never seemed quite able to catch up.  Before I knew it, I had lost. 
"I am sorry,  sensei , it is clear that this is  a game that cannot be won .  You have cheated me!" 
"Hold your tongue, or I will cut it out.  You knew the price when you sat down, and now you will give Tzu Do your most valued possession." 
"As I am a man of honor, I will give this to you, but I will win it back!"  I handed him my  katana .  He looked at it for a moment, and laughed. 
"It is clear to me that you don't value this sword, or you would have already defeated me in  single combat !  It is rusted, and smells of fish.  Besides which, Tzu Do keeps the prizes he is given long after his slaves have earned their freedom."  He threw it back to me. 
I screamed in rage--"You can insult my card playing, you drunken swine, but I am  Juruf'u , student of Ryoku, and I am a  samurai !"  I cut him down with my  katana  in a furious rage, and stood, breathing heavily.
 The  teddy bear  spoke quietly in the bar's silence, and it seemed as though I saw myself from far above, clouds of dread circling me:  "You may be a student of Ryoku, but so was the man you just killed; he has been in my possession since Ryoku came to this place, with the rash ambition you show.  I know your most prized possession, and I, Tzu Do, will take it now.  I leave you with  apathy .  Given your fierce loyalty, I think you will serve me well, and I dare say you will never wager with a drunken  teddy bear   deity  again!  Fetch me more  sake , foolish student!" 
 
 
 
 A meal, offered by most  American  restaurants that offer  seafood , consisting of a  red meat  and a  seafood  served on the same plate.  This can vary from 
 a  burger  and some  fried shrimp  at a  boardwalk   greasy spoon ,
 a  strip steak  with  fried flounder ,
 a juicy, tempting,  orgasmic   filet mignon  the size of a small child's head on an  aircraft carrier -sized platter with a recently-captured  Maine lobster  nestled alongside it,
 or anything in between that involves seafood (the " surf ") and meat (the " turf ").
 
 Because the offerings contrast in  wine  choices, a  red wine  or a  white wine  is appropriate--ask your server.  If you're getting a burger and fried shrimp, I recommend  boardwalk fries  and a nice '01  Coca-Cola .  Prices vary with quality--no surprise there!  Once you get to the point where the " surf " item is " Market Price ", or you're in a restaurant where the prices aren't listed in the menu, you may find that the dish is not listed as "surf and turf", even though you may recognize it for what it is.  Ordering it by the familiar name may cause embarrassment for you, the server, and your party, unless you're one  hoopy frood  and can pull off  slumming  in a  five star  restaurant. 
 
 
 
 So I decided to do some  volunteer  work today, to celebrate  Memorial Day  and to earn some really nice freebies, but mostly because it seemed like a good thing to do.  When I say "volunteer," you're probably picturing  puppies  and  invalids  and  veterans  and  flowers , but this was a totally different animal.  This was  Corporate America 's new take on  volunteer  work.  Here's the deal: 
 I show up at  Paramount Studio's   Kings Island  at 10 a.m., dressed in a white  polo ,  khaki  shorts, and white tennis shoes.  I attend a brief orientation, fill out a  time card , and  punch in .  Then I sign away my pay to the charitable organization of my choice, along with at least nine other people working for the same organization, in exchange for several day passes to the park.  I was doing it for an  enlisted  personnel charity for  my office , but the groups show up from everywhere. 
 It seems that  theme park s don't have much need for  military intelligence , so we took the next best thing:  foodservice .  We all had restaurant experience, and being  military , we know how to clean and polish things we've never seen before (here's a hint: "...until it shines,  soldier !").  I have personally worked almost 7 seasons behind the scenes in a  tourist  restaurant.  I walked on the job with typical  military  swagger, but the right note of  humility , and tell my 15-year-old manager, "I've worked  deep fryer s, a  grill  twice as big as that one, I've been a  dishdog , and I can learn  line cook  as fast as you can send me orders.  Where do you want me?" 
 
 
 
 "...um... the register.  Thanks." 
 I thought I was in  intelligence .  I thought my  college degree  prepared me intellectually for any cognitive challenge that you could throw my way.  I'm quite good with people.  But I've never worked a  cash register .  Ever. 
 On my fifth customer, I had to learn to  void out  an order.  By my sixth or seventh, we were knee deep in the  lunch rush , and I had voided out three more mistakes.  Within an hour, I had gotten stuff under control, and then  pow. 
 "I'd like the double-bacon cheddar  combo meal , no onions, with the  sports quart  refill (here's my cup), and can I get cheese on my fries?  Oh, and I have this  coupon ." 
 That's like, seventeen keystrokes, in order.   Like, for real, dude .  And there is no  void  key,  clear  key, or  no sale --once you make a mistake, you have to go through a ten keystroke sequence to void the order, pop the register open and closed, and start over.  The "no onions" is a  red herring --there is no "no onions" button, since you don't reduce or increase the price to leave off a standard item.  After about seven iterations, I finally settled on an intriguing  strategy : since I'm a  volunteer , my register doesn't have to come out even when the manager counts it, and the manager isn't accountable (I suspect this is why the manager was so eager to station me out front).  So, I charged them for the sandwich and figured the coupon and the upgrades would cancel.   Karma  and stuff, or some junk.   Whatever . 
 I would get the lady who can do math (and the  sales tax !) in her head.  I mean, I do it, too.  But if it's off by less than fifty cents either way, hey,  fuck it .  This lady tells me that I did the tax wrong (I didn't do the tax at all--the 'puter added it in), and that she owes at least an extra thirty cents.  I looked up at her, at the growing line behind her, smiled in a moment of what may have been mistaken as  insanity , and said cheerfully, "Sorry, I don't work here," and gave her the change I had tallied. 
 It was so  liberating !! 
 Lady asks for directions to  The Outer Limits ?  "Sorry, I don't work here." 
Are you sure you charged me enough?
 "Sorry, I don't work here." 
Do you know where the napkins are?
 "Yeah--red bin near the  ketchup ." 
I was hoping you could get me some from behind the counter.
 "I have no idea where other napkins are kept." 
You don't know where there are any napkins?
 "Sorry, I don't work here." 
 
 My respect for  McDonald's  employees and their other  fast food  brethren increased  tenfold  today.  They deal with a huge cross-section of the American public on a daily basis, and we are a bunch of  inconsiderate ,  selfish ,  greedy   rat bastard s, and your tolerance for us puts you somewhere between the  Buddha  and  Mother Teresa  on the  good karma  scale.  All the same--if you ever run into a  loathsome   son of a bitch  who you just can't please, or if you're having a bad day, or if you just feel a little  non-linear  and want to inject a little  entropy  into the universe, remember: 
Smile broadly, make eye contact, and say, "Sorry... I don't work here."
 
 
 
 NYSE : PSCA 
 Since our CEO first heard  Marlon Brando 's advice in  The Graduate , Plastic Spork Conglomerate Amalgamated has been the industry leader in  synthetic   flatware   hostile takeover s.  Through aggressive posturing, market awareness, and weekly management-mandated  paradigm  shifts, PSCA has sought to excise the  thermoplastic  dining utensil units from the other producers in our key market-- General Electric ,  Pratt & Whitney ,  DuPont , and many more--with large sums of money that exist largely in  magnetic storage media  in  Switzerland  and the  Bahamas . 
 Because of our commitment to low-cost, single-source  sporks , we bring competing companies closer together to better serve you with lightweight, flexible  spork s and  spork  paraphernalia.  The merger of  Phalanx Forks International 's Phoenix division, and the  Albuquerque  campus of  Sirius Cereal Accessories, Ltd. , was brought about as a direct result of careful negotiations conducted by PSCA.  After both companies were massively devalued by  unfounded and untraceable rumors of their imminent demise , PSCA purchased both of them and merged them like a seven-year-old trying to breed  rabbit s and  weasel s, saving the  spork  market from devolving into arguing fiefdoms, and pushing the  free market  closer to  its natural balanced end condition . 
 PSCA is the current and future leader in  spork technology  and a market driver in catering to the  Spork Lifestyle , one of the  global economy 's fastest-growing  niche target focus group markets .  Call now for your  prospectus ! 
 
 
 
 military   jargon : (n.) one's issued  hat  or  beret .  Doesn't include  helmet s.  Mandatory when in  uniform  and outdoors, except on a  flight line  where it may be considered a  FOD  hazard.   Salute s are generally only rendered between military members when each is wearing a cover.
 " Private , why are you standing outside without a  cover ?" 
 
 
 
 This  Phish  album is the group's  2000  studio project.  It was recorded from October 1999 through February of 2000, in a studio called "The Barn" in  Vermont --possibly the origin of the title.  It may also be the "Dave O's Farmhouse" credited in  The Story of the Ghost 's liner notes.  The album features a heavier dose of guest musicians than any album besides  Hoist , and was recorded and mixed by  John Siket , who made some of their  more recent albums  come out so well.   Steve Lillywhite 's name is absent from the credits--hallelujah. 
 The album features some  pop  tunes that could evolve into long jams live, but it really feels like  Billy Breathes  without the  sycophantic  need for a  top 40   single --the  Billy Breathes  Phish wanted all along, perhaps.  The sound is introspective and light, never the runaway college sound from  Lawn Boy  or  A Picture of Nectar .  It dabbles in  country  for  The Inlaw Josie Wales  and  Back on the Train , but not the mocking  bluegrass  of  Scent of a Mule --a more respectful stance that shows  Trey Anastasio 's quest for something to fill out the band's sound.  In addition to borrowing some of the brass players from  Hoist ,  Béla Fleck  comes back.  There's a  dobro  player, a  viola , a  cello , and a pair of  violin s.  Like  Led Zeppelin  getting back to  Bron Yr Aur  to record  Led Zeppelin III ,  Phish  flavors the recording with the character of the recording space. 
 Bug ,  Dirt ,  Sand , and  Sleep  could have been on the second disc of  Billy Breathes  and fit right in, if such a disc had ever existed.  The contemplative feel, the gentle  virtuosity  of  Page McConnell 's piano, and the lyrics that genuinely evoke feeling (and not just mood by association) all make these songs great background music for a quiet evening at home.   Trey Anastasio  seems to have mellowed on this album: his guitar playing and more laid-back groove, as well as the songwriting, all remind me of the way  Eric Clapton 's music aged with him. 
 This album isn't for high school kids.  Well... maybe it  is  for the kind of high school kids we get here at  E2 .  If you feel older than your body, if you're amazed by the little things, and if  Phish 's antics and silliness are starting to wear on you and you're finally ready for them to just make some more great music, pick up  Farmhouse .  After  Hoist  and  Billy Breathes , it's like going from Disney's  Snow White  to reading  Lord of the Rings : they're both undeniably great works of entertainment and art, but you'll know and appreciate the difference immediately. 
 
 Hampton Comes Alive -=%{Farmhouse}%=- Back to Phish's First Album 
 
 
 
{reck'-ee},  adj.  - 
 military   jargon : abbreviated form of ( aerial ) " reconnaissance ", to describe one's mission.  Originally  British , from the  UK   English  pronunciation of "reconnaissance" as "reck-con'-ess-ents".  Compare " recon ," which implies land-based reconnaissance.  
 Recce flyers have one of the most important "non-combat" jobs in the modern  military : they collect the data that become  tactical   intelligence --primarily for the  warrior  in the field.  The customer can be a pilot who took off an hour after the recce bird with full  pylon s, a  mechanized infantry   brigade  about to pop over the ridge, or a "plans" weenie back home who wants to know exactly how many  SAM  sites there are before assigning the fighter jocks to go in there at dawn.  Recce flyers often put themselves at great risk to collect the data that the  warrior s need; most recce platforms have to go light on armament in order to carry their  payload , putting them at even more risk.  While they may be equipped with  jammer s,  flare s, or  chaff , recce platforms do not typically undertake  electronic warfare  missions, such as  SEAD .  The mission is to get in;
 take a picture of whatever-it-is-that-is-so-dangerous-we-won't-send-a- pilot -in-without-letting-him-have-a-good-look-first; and
 get out. 
Everything else is just  style points .

 Calling a platform a "recce  bird " implies  electro-optical  reconnaissance-- photograph s--but it is possible to measure an enemy's "signature" in other wavelengths, such as  infrared  or  radar .  Some American recce platforms include: 
 SR-71 
 U-2 
 RC-135 
 RC-130 
 RF-4C 
 
 More recently, with the advent of satellites, a "recce bird" can mean any  spy satellite  as well.  Soon, it will doubtless cover  UAV s like the  Global Hawk  and  Predator . 
 
 Since you lads coined the term, I'd appreciate any British aviation buffs /msg'ing me the names of a few of Her Majesty's recce birds.  The ravens at  The Tower of London  don't count... 
 
 
 
 Phish  recorded this album live during their tours from 1994 *  and released it to a ravenous  fan base  in 1995.  Two discs of live  Phish ,  divided  as a Phish concert would be: a set of shorter, more straightforward crowd-pleasers to set the mood, and then a set of long, delicious  jam s.  Both discs are great examples of what  Phish  can do live, and show off some of the little perks of attending a show instead of sitting at home with your albums. 
 
 
 *  -  not  during the  Clifford Ball , as the
liner notes would have you believe.  The Clifford Ball was held in 1996, and is just one more example of  Phish 's incessant  tomfoolery .  Thanks to  QXZ  for the tip. 
 Disc One 
 Oldies and Goodies 
 Not an official title--my own synopsis of Disc One's content.  Their first three albums-- Junta ,  Lawn Boy , and  A Picture of Nectar --are all represented here for fans of their older, less  pop -influenced sound.  Fans who had been to a show might recognize  Slave to the Traffic Light , and  Montana  was a filler jam that the band named so it would have a name besides "filler jam" on the  CD .  The opener is  Bouncing Around the Room , with its unforgettable  chorus , the  aquarium -tinted lyrics, and flourishes on the  piano  by  Page McConnell .  The harmonies, especially  Mike Gordon 's brief solo before the group joins in on the closing choruses, are somehow sweeter for having a screaming crowd behind them.   Stash  is another  crowd pleasing   Phish   fave ; the silly lyrics and the audience participation on the  handclaps  make it ideal for fans who enjoy the mellow buzz that comes from sitting close to the ceiling of an enclosed  amphitheater  full of  pot  smokers... If you're not  high , the  noodling  halfway through this twelve minute performance may grate on you a little, but you've got to admit they're talented, and if you stick with it, you'll be rewarded with a  car crash  jam similar to the  Split Open and Melt  in  Hoist 's " Demand ", and a quiet, foreshadowing  vocal jam  on the "Maybe so and maybe not" theme. 
 If you don't stick with it, you'll skip to  Gumbo , a previously unreleased tune with lyrics that could be entitled "Stash II".   Jon Fishman  penned them to go with  Trey Anastasio 's tune, but the meaning is, well...  obscure  at best.  The  Giant Country Horns  add just the right  cajun  flavor to this  Gumbo , and even if you never understand a word of it, this song has groove--that ineffable, laid-back simplicity that makes all the noodling worthwhile.  An  a cappella  chorus, and a slow sassy brass out jam are the highlights, but there are no low lights in this tune. 
 Montana  is filler while the band prepares for a twenty minute  You Enjoy Myself .  Any song at twenty minutes is an epic, but when the song only has four  audible  words, have a seat and close your eyes--you're about to be blindsided by  Phish 's inevitable jamming.  Their jams are rarely mediocre--they either dazzle or bore, both intensely--but the fresh new coat of paint that  You Enjoy Myself  gets here is proof that one twenty minute session of their best work makes you forget that you just sat through two minutes of  Montana .  In addition to the usual, there's a true  a cappella   vocal jam , rare for  Phish , including  vocal percussion  and a buildup into a haunting closing chord that's miles away from the beginning of the song. 
 Time.  Pure .  Caffeine .  Aorta .   Rock and Roll .    Chalkdust Torture  explodes into the quiet, lulled auditorium with  Mike Gordon  at the helm on  bass guitar , playing his little  obese  snatches of funk for the madding crowd.  Trey powers through the vocals, Jon keeps the rhythm tight as always, and one gets the feeling that the biggest difference in the song from the studio version is the fact that they spent twenty minutes focusing on each other's groove and mood in the previous jam. 
 Phish  close out the first set with  Slave to the Traffic Light , a  Vermont y tune about the nine to five grind, and an appropriately laid-back jam.  Great sung harmonies, and a nice transition back and forth between a bouncy  funk  &  reggae , a hurried jazz, and a quiet rock epic.  Tough to pin down, but lovely to listen to...  Page McConnell  gets in his licks on piano again, foreshadowing the beginning and the end of this particular concert with what almost amounts to an expertly played  lullabye , then into a rocking guitar-focused closing movement.   Slave to the Traffic Light  shows that  Phish  is prepared to stretch their music out during this show, and the second set it going to be short on titles and long on jamming. 
 
 Bouncing Around the Room 
 Stash 
 Gumbo 
 Montana 
 You Enjoy Myself 
 Chalkdust Torture 
 Slave to the Traffic Light 
 
 
 *  -  not  during the  Clifford Ball , as the
liner notes would have you believe.  The Clifford Ball was held in 1996, and is just one more example of  Phish 's incessant  tomfoolery .  Thanks to  QXZ  for the tip.
 
 Disc Two 
 What a Beautiful Buzz 
 Five songs--two less than 5:00, two in the teens, and a  half hour   Tweezer .   Wilson  and  Simple  are the short pieces, each twice as long as  Britney Spears ' radio hits. Clever lyrics, tight  rock and roll  grooves, and great singing distinguish the  runt s of the album; but then they do bracket the  behemoth .  How much of a thirty-minute song can one put into words?  This is what the second set of a Phish concert is about, and if you don't like it, don't buy tickets. 
 Each of the short pieces has memorable moments--Trey screaming out the cue to end the instrumental in  Wilson  ( " BOP! BOOM! Ba-digga-boom-WILSON! ") and the hopelessly jumbled chorus at the end of  Simple  ("Cym-bop and beebaphone, sky-balls and sax-scrapers...")--but the first half of the album belongs to  Tweezer .  Unfortunately, I can't sit through it.  Maybe I'm not high, or maybe I need to be thinking  really deep thoughts , but thirty minutes is too much.  It's great background music for when you're doing dishes or cleaning, but you can't just listen to it. 
 In contrast,  Harry Hood  is eminently listenable.  Starting out in a  reggae  mood, and progressing to the runaway chorus--"You can feel good, good, good about Hood...", it's a charming reference to a  New England   dairy , and at the same time an existential question: where does the little man in the refrigerator go when the light goes out?  The jam has highs and lows, but all are played for maximum effect, and it's one more live song that's finally available on disc for the fans who can't get tickets. 
 The Squirming Coil  ends the album, bringing the concert full circle to a  Lawn Boy  song,  Page McConnell 's finest moment on piano, and one more  marijuana  reference for the  phan s.  Page's  grand piano  solo at the end is easily my favorite five minutes of the album, on either disc, and makes wonderful falling-asleep music or makeout music.  The song is always well done, but this version is the best I've heard, on bootleg, live, or studio.  They omit the "steam dream" bridge, but otherwise, this song wraps up an album that proves one thing: when  Phish  have it together, they're on, and there aren't many bands around who can touch them. 
 
 Wilson 
 Tweezer 
 Simple 
 Harry Hood 
 The Squirming Coil 
 
 
 Hoist -=%{A Live One}%=- Billy Breathes 
 
 
 
 Phish 's 1993 studio effort; at the time,  phan s decried it as  sell-out ,  mainstream   pop .  It features the conspicuously absent  Horse  from  Rift 's cover on the front.  All you have to do is make this your  virgin  listen to Phish, and you'll see that the fans take the band for granted.  This is not mainstream.  There are horns, there is a  banjo , there is  Hebrew , there is  Julius Caesar , and there's even a reference to  Jane Fonda --that traitorous bitch.  Find me a "pop" album that has all that, and I'll buy it off you for  greater than a cookie . Sure, it sticks to Phish's more palatable  rock and roll  roots, and yes, the number of must-listen tracks on this album is lower than most of their others, but there are forays into  country ,  jazz , and the inevitable,  ubiquitous  jamming that makes Phish  phishy .  What the fans mean by "mainstream" is that it lacks Phish's  experimental  evolution; up until  Hoist , each album had been a new phase in their  metamorphosis .  I've heard it said of  Hoist  that you can put every track from it on an earlier Phish album, and it fits that album's theme.  Sad, but true.  This is not their most innovative work, but that is  relative to Phish! 
 Julius  opens the album with toe-tapping, horn-infused  funk  song that would be right at home near the beginning of  Lawn Boy  or the end of  A Picture of Nectar .  It turns into a driving song about  Julius Caesar  with a chorus of sassy females on backing vocals.   Down with Disease  has none of the lyric mastery of  Julius  but the live versions usually involve too much  wanderlust  for my taste, and this tight four-minute studio version is a nice low-fat tune.   If I could  features  Alison Krauss  on backing vocals, singing a love song with  Trey Anastasio  that recalls the slower, more tender middle tracks of  Rift .   Riker's Mailbox  features  Jonathan Frakes , of  Star Trek: The Next Generation  fame, on  trombone .  I won't say any more here.   Axilla (Part II)  flows out of it naturally, and is a  Junta -esque examination of the speaker's place in the universe... neither written nor jammed as well as  Junta 's core songs, but still a competent tune.   Lifeboy  is another quiet one, a song about losing one's faith, and quite touching when done live.   Sample in a Jar  has been called  Trey Anastasio 's favorite song, and it's almost worth getting the whole album for this track--even though you can get a live version on  A Live One , it's good to know this version.  The simplicity will fool you into thinking it's a tossed-off pop single, so listen twice, and-- gasp! --listen to the lyrics... they make sense this time.   Wolfman's Brother  has the simple, practically content-free lyrics that sound great, and are fun to sing.  I'd bet money your 3-year-old would be singing along in a heartbeat with this,  Contact , and  Sparkle ; that's just how some Phish is.  Listen closely to  Wolfman's Brother  for  John Fishman 's  cameo  singing part: " Shirley Temple ," which presumably takes the place of his  vacuum solo .   Scent of a Mule  is the token  country / bluegrass  song from this album, and it's one of their funniest (or at least silliest).   Dog faced boy  is, if I'm not mistaken, a quiet, plaintive tune about  Vietnam  and leaving the girl you love.   Demand  caps off the album with a  jazzy  rock tune, a car crash, an extended jam on  Split Open and Melt 's structure, and the haunting  Hebrew   funeral  song  Y-Rushalayim Schel Zahav , which you may recognize from the end of  Schindler's List . 
 All in all, it's a fine album with the performances you expect from the masterful musicians in  Phish .  Something is missing, but I can't figure out what--I'm tempted to say it's character.  The album's distinguishing characteristic is that, unlike their others, it doesn't have any distinguishing characteristics.  The songs are all well performed and well written, and it's a great album--objectively.  Subjectively, relative to what they show themselves capable of on albums like  Lawn Boy  and  The Story of the Ghost , it's mediocre Phish at best. 
 
 Julius  feat. the  Rickey Grundy Chorale  & the  Tower of Power Horn Section 
 Down with Disease 
 If I Could  feat.  Alison Krauss 
 Riker's Mailbox  feat.  Jonathan Frakes  &  Béla Fleck 
 Axilla (Part II) 
 Lifeboy  feat.  Béla Fleck 
 Sample in a Jar 
 Wolfman's Brother  feat.  Tower of Power Horn Section , Jon " Greasy Fizeek " Fishman
 Scent of a Mule  feat.  Béla Fleck 
 Dog Faced Boy 
 Demand %~%~ Split Open and Melt %~%~ Y-Rushalayim Schel Zahav  ( Jerusalem , City of Gold)
 
 
 Rift -=%{Hoist}%=- A Live One 
 
 
 
 "Still... a  pretty good year ." -- Tori Amos 
 You know your day was shitty if you can sum it up with a  Tori Amos  line.  I almost don't know where to start.  Saturday,  Douglas Adams  died of a  heart attack .  The very same day, a hero of only slightly less stature died of the same cause.  His name was Gene Raters, and he was a branch chief at the  National Air Intelligence Center .  He was a hell of a guy--one of those  crusty  old  government employees  who looks like he remembers the last five wars precisely because he does remember them.  He was one of the minds that first conceived of  ballistic missile defense , and he kept up with the  Evil Empire  as long as they existed, compiling a vast mental database of their  ICBM s and the various tricks they planned to use to get them here.  He died so suddenly and unexpectedly, there was no time to ask all the questions we wanted his opinions on before he retired.  We all took the morning off today to go to his funeral.  I talked to him the day he died: as he was going home, I asked him a stumper of a question on a topic which, while humorous to me, is unfortunately also  top secret .  His theories seemed dead-on, and brightened my day, and if we publish them, they'll be his last "work" for the intelligence community. 
 It hit us doubly hard to lose him, because a few weeks ago, one of the other guys in the office lost his wife--she couldn't have been 35--in a car accident, and all three of their boys were seriously injured.  They're still recovering.  That was really the first thing this year, the first really bad thing.  What do you say, what can you do, at a funeral for someone you never met? 
 I still haven't told anyone in the office that my grandmother died last week.  I was glad I took leave a few months ago to attend her 90th birthday party; I didn't know for sure, but I suspected that would be the last time I'd see her, and we got about an hour to talk alone.  It's amazing how long it takes before you can talk to your relatives like people and not just characters.  But we talked, and without really knowing it, we said our goodbyes.  I think she knew it better than I, and I'm touched that she made the effort to  finagle  some  quality time  with me.  Anyhow--I didn't fly down there this week for that funeral.  I felt bad, but also happy that she didn't suffer at all. 
 I'm sorry if I'm bringing you down... but my point is, I've been in a justifiably bad mood.  My perpetual optimism was just enough to keep a positive attitude through all of it.  Bored, and not in a mood to stew around the house, I called up my friends in the area and dragged them out to a local bar for some live music and some  Guinness .  We were gone for 3 hours.  When I got back, my house was trashed. 
 Someone came through the back door and "liberated" my stereo, a gift from my  high school  roommate, who was also my college roommate and practically my brother.  The morons failed to take the 6- CD  magazine, the  remote control , or the  CD  collection laying out right next to it.  The computer hardware I've been buying to do my  quadrennial  hardware upgrade-- still in the boxes --untouched.  The  alcohol  in the fridge--untouched.  My  Top Secret  access badge--untouched.  A  checkbook , a  Walkman ,  cordless phone s--untouched.  All my clothes:  strewn .  My theory of the crime, as it stands, is that one of my less intelligent neighbors, who sees me wearing camouflage to work every day, failed to make the leap of logic that I'm in the  Air Force , and was looking for my  M-16  or my  M-9 .  I don't own a gun, though, so their search, though messy, was  fruitless .  They took a more or less non-functional  stereo .  I have  renter's insurance , and once I pay my  deductible ,  USAA  will replace the stereo with one of equal or similar  function  and  quality . 
 So what did I lose?  My  deductible .  A half-dead  stereo .  The  mix tape  I was making for  Girlface  and the other  everythingians , which was the only media in the  stereo  at the time.  My  grandmother , whom I was lucky to have for as long as I did.  Gene, whose advice and resounding laugh I have already etched in my memory.   Douglas Adams , who was kind enough to leave behind some of the funniest prose ever written about  bad poetry .  Jim's wife--I didn't really know her.  We (at work) all lost a piece of Jim, but he's got us, and he's recovering as best someone can. 
 And my gains?  I know how renter's insurance works now.  I know that I should practice better  OPSEC  with my weekly habits of coming and going on a routine.  I learned to double-check door locks.  And I learned, painfully, that life is temporary and setting an  alarm clock  for tomorrow morning is an act of  faith --that you'll wake up the next day is not a given.  I'm making good money, I enjoy  my new job  more than I ever would have expected, and I'm finally starting to get the hang of this "independent responsible adult" thing.  So, still:  a pretty good year . 
 
 
 
 Phish 's delightful second  live album , released in 1997; it was recorded at  Markthalle ,  Hamburg ,  Germany  on  March 1, 1997 .   Paul Languedoc ,  Phish 's sound board  deity , recorded it;  John Siket , who did the mixing on  Billy Breathes , took it home and mixed it.  And despite  Steve Lillywhite 's credit as "production  consultant ," I suspect he had very little to do with this album--it shows none of the  pandering  that weakened the otherwise great  Billy Breathes .  This album is a nice introduction to the joy that is live  Phish , with just the right amount of well-placed  noodling  done well, and none of the  craptastic  sound quality  phan s have come to expect from  bootleg  concert tapes.  This is the bootleg every fan owns, and an  acknowledgement s album for Phish--they give a wink and a nod to all of their big influences, and still keep the  jam s fresh. 
 It is packed from top to bottom with treats for new and old fans alike.  The opener is a  Talking Heads  cover, a tribute to  David Byrne , whom most of the band credit as a huge influence.  A track from  Hoist  to show off their own stuff, which devolves into a long,  bass -driven jam section.   Mike Gordon ,  Page McConnell , and  Trey Anastasio  toss riffs and choppy chords back and forth like they're playing  tennis , dragging the beat slower and slower, deeper and deeper, until they find themselves somewhere between  Texas ,  Chicago , and  Memphis -- ZZ Top 's " Jesus Left Chicago " follows, done with every ounce of the  corn pone  and  fried chicken   blues  that Phish can summon from their  New England  souls.  They finally pause to mop up the applause and sweat, and then dive into  Weigh , from  Rift .  The audience is primed, the instruments are warmed up, the band have established their psychic link.  You can almost hear them grin as they unleash their  juggernaut  with the first four sizzling licks off Trey's guitar--it's even odds whether they enjoy it more than the audience. 
 It's  Mike's Groove .  It's three tracks on your  CD , consisting of  Mike's Song , the  creme filling   du jour , and  Weekapaug Groove .  In most cases, the creme filling tune would be  I am Hydrogen , a dainty but delicious instrumental with a country flavor.  But they're in  Germany , where  David Hasselhoff  and  William Shatner  are stars, so they fill the gap with  Cheese  and  polyester :  Lawn Boy , in beautiful  lounge lizard  style.  This song sandwich is a  Double Stuf , though--before they get to  Lawn Boy , they tip their hats to  Jim Morrisson  with a cover of  The End , with some less-than- Oedipal  dialogue where Jim's famous "kill"s and "fuck"s used to be.  But this isn't  The End -- Lawn Boy  fades away with a great jazz chord, and  Jon Fishman 's drums explode from the underbrush like a  snowshoe hare  running for cover from a  jet -propelled  grizzly bear  that is  Mike Gordon 's bass guitar.  The band joins in, and the  Weekapaug Groove ... grooves.  This is Phish at their finest, playing a rocking, driving, runaway train of a high-speed  jam .   Mike's Groove  is (as any fan will tell you) far too rare, but you can own one of the best performances of it; these three tracks are almost worth buying the disc. 
 Hello my Baby -- a cappella   barber shop  as only Phish can do it--delights the Germans in the crowd to the point where it's hard to hear the singing... but they're probably still cheering for the last song.  It gives the stage crew time to sneak up and blast Phish's smoldering instruments with  Halon  before they close out with  Taste , from  Billy Breathes .  It's a great version with a beautiful extended out-jam, and ends the album on a wonderful note. 
 Unlike  Lawn Boy  or  A Picture of Nectar , you have to listen to this one straight through to really feel the set build.  If the  setlist  wasn't actually in this order,  John Siket  gets  mad props  on this one--he has mixed a set that Phish couldn't have chosen better themselves.  Because the  density  of good tracks is so high--and because there really isn't a bad track on the disc--most fans will call this Phish's best live disc, and refuse to compare it with the studio albums.  They're right: no matter how much you enjoy  The Story of the Ghost ,  Rift , or even  Junta , hearing that thread of musical, nearly-psychic unity as it happens is a notch above anything that gets recorded in a studio. 
 
 
 Cities 
 Wolfman's Brother 
 Jesus Just Left Chicago 
 Weigh 
 Mike's Groove :  {{ 
 Mike's Song  ~%~ 
 The End  ~%~
 Lawn Boy  ~%~
 Weekapaug Groove 
    }}
 Hello my Baby 
 Taste 
 
 
 Billy Breathes -=*{Slip Stitch and Pass}*=- The Story of the Ghost 
 
 
 
Having lived there for four years, I would like to add the following: 
 Nam Kang , on Maryland Street around 20th - great  Korean  food, with expertise in  Japanese  cuisine and the ability to make Americanized  Gwailo  "Chinese food."  Order something you've never heard of, and you'll enjoy it.  You wouldn't order  Bol Go Gi  at  McDonald's , right?
 The Paper Moon Diner , just past  JHU 's  Sig Ep  house on 28th street, 1 block west of Howard Street - 24 hours a day, overpriced, undercooked food.  Service out of a  Vonnegut  novel.  The first time I went there with a group, a guy sat down with us like he belonged there, and after about 3 minutes, said, "Well, I know what I'm getting.  How about you?"  And when we told him, he wrote it down and disappeared into the kitchen.  Uber-trendy alternative decor worth visiting once or twice, but I know too many people who've gotten  food poisoning  there to go back and order the meat.  Stick to the delicious  French Toast ; it's made with  challa .  Oh, and it's where my girlfriend and I went on our first "date."  If you're not  on a shoestring , it's a nice  novelty  meal.
 Pete's Grille , down on  Greenmount  and 28th - a Baltimore tradition!   O's  memorabilia, and the kind of place where everybody knows your name.  I've only been once, but I think if I went back, they'd remember what I ordered.  Breakfast and lunch only; dirt cheap and delicious, wonderful service.
 Holy Frijoles , in  Hampden  on 36th street - Decor that rivals The Paper Moon, constantly rotating local art that they'll sell you right  off the wall .  Servers with personalities and smiles and  tattoo s, and great  fashion sense .  The  nacho s are served on a plate about one foot in diameter, and stacked about 5" deep, taste great, and they cost less than $10.00.  HUGE portions, great prices--order anything, you can't go wrong.  Kicks  Don Pablo 's and  Chi-Chi's  asses with one bare foot.
 Tamber's Nifty Fifties , on 34th and St. Paul - aimed at the  JHU  college crowd and the families visiting the  hospital , Tamber's is a slick chrome  Cadillac  diner with an oldies  jukebox --and they also do  tandoori .  Fair prices, indifferent but pleasant service.
 The Melting Pot , Towson -  fondue !  Very expensive, very ritzy, very romantic.  The service and portions you expect when paying $100 for two meals.  Take your best gal there for a very special occasion, but don't let her see the price.
 Mick O'Shea's , on Charles Street down near Mt. Vernon - come for good  Irish  food, stay for the music.  The best  Guinness  in the city, and the  mayor  is the front-man for a band that plays there on occasion.  Home of Tom, the  Pissed-off Paddy Barman  made famous in the  Donegal X-Press  song.  DXP's lead singer and various group members play there Thursdays under a different name--worth the trip.  If Cory's there, he'll be at the second or third table on the left wall; tell him I said "hi."
 
Those are all my old favorites in the city; if you go to any of them and enjoy your meal, toss me a /msg.  If you bring a date and they like it, toss me an upvote.   Bon appetit !
 
 
 
 Phish  gets around to cooking their  noodling   al dente --finally, their near- psychic  ability to build off one another's  groove  comes to fruition, and it's a beautiful thing.  It's a more upbeat  Billy Breathes  that doesn't kiss up to the  MTV  millions, and you can tell that  Phish  has come back to making albums that  they  wanted to make.  Oh, and as a bonus, some of Trey's lyrics have caught up: having run out of lyrics that don't make sense, he's almost been forced to write coherently in places, and the results are a treat.  It could be that  Tom Marshall 's songwriting has matured--he's the brilliant mind behind  Run Like an Antelope .  The freshness of their "experimental" sound feels like a rebirth of their playful style, a second childhood.  Despite the lack of variation in the  meter  of most of the lyrics on the album, many of them are better-thought-out than some of their older toss-offs. 
 In putting their title track first, they're repeating a move they made on  Rift , and when they did it  Rift , it signalled that the title track was an explanation of the album, and that the other songs were simply  subplots  in the album's story.  In the liner notes to this album, the track  Ghost  is printed in  indigo  wherever it appears, like the word  house  in  House of Leaves .  Is there a significance?  What is  The Story of the Ghost ?  The lyrics to  Ghost  lead me to believe that it's about beating an addiction of some sort--the key lines being "I guess I just stopped needing him / as much as once before."  Does it mean that they've given up drugs?  I doubt it.  Perhaps they've given up trying to be  popular ?   Birds of a Feather  seems to suggest so, but the other songs don't really pound home the theme like  Rift  did.  Maybe I need to dig deeper--or maybe I need to  chill out  and enjoy this great album. 
 There are crisp guitar solos from Trey that sound cut from ringing  quartz .  There are times--like  Water in the Sky --when  Page McConnell 's piano becomes the thunder before an afternoon summer storm and simultaneously, the warm wind that follows.   Mike Gordon 's slapped and picked bass gives a  jolly   funk  feel to many of the songs, but also clings to the beat like  duct tape  on challenging fast sections like the  jig  in  Guyute .  Last but not least,  Jon Fishman 's drumming is less obtrusive, and more supportive--he's taken a page from  Carter Beauford 's book, and left behind the  gorilla  style of  John Bonham  for this album, but one suspects, listening to the end of  Limb by Limb , that he could break it out again and explode.   Everything 's tighter: if " noodling " is wandering and looking for the  Ineffable   Groove , then "The Story of the Ghost" is about what happens when you get rid of the  bullshit  and go find it. 
 
 Ghost 
 Birds of a Feather 
 Meat 
 Guyute 
 Fikus 
 Shafty 
 Limb by Limb 
 Frankie Says 
 Brian and Robert 
 Water in the Sky 
 Roggae 
 Wading in the Velevet Sea 
 The MOMA Dance 
 End of Session 
 
 
 Slip Stitch and Pass -=*{The Story of the Ghost}*=- Hampton Comes Alive 
 
 
 
 Almost-a-village of a town in  Sussex County, Delaware , population less than 100.  Products are  poultry ,  pigs , and  corn .  There isn't any town to speak of, just lines on a map around the farms.  Technically, bordered by  Roxana ,  Fenwick Island , and the  Assowoman Canal , but the town's name is used as a catch-all to describe the "town" that any of the farmers between  Roxana, DE  and  Bethany Beach, DE  inhabit, e.g.:  "I'm from  Bayard --down to the  swamp , out by the Evans farm." 
 I went to  St. Andrew's , a  prep school  about two hours' drive away, with a girl whose last name was "Evans," which is one of the five last names in Bayard, but I never made the connection until the end of my sophomore year when I saw her address in the  yearbook .  She affected a  city folk  attitude and spent a lot of  chicken -money on the very trendiest clothes, so nobody would guess her deep dark secret.  I believe I could have  blackmail ed her, but why bother?  If she doesn't have any pride in her hometown, then those of us from Sussex County are happy to be quit of her. 
 
 If I told someone from Bayard where their town got its name, they'd spit.  Folks in Bayard don't  truck  with fancy  fairy tales  and such. 
 
 
 
 The transliteration of the  Cyrillic  "ШKBAЛ", literally " squall " or " storm " in Russian, this word is the  code name  of  Russia 's 200- knot  super-cavitating torpedo. 
 First, a little background on the theory of  cavitation : when fluid travels across a surface at high enough speed,  Bernoulli's Law  tells us that its pressure is reduced at the contact point.  If the pressure is low enough, gaseous elements dissolved in the fluid--like the  dissolved oxygen  in your  aquarium --come out of solution and form  cavities .  Think of them as bubbles for now.  For years, American fluid dynamicists have worked to eliminate cavitation, because propellers cause cavitation. The noise of these bubbles popping into existence and then collapsing again when they leave the flow is significant, and because they're less dense, they reduce the propeller's efficiency.  If a non-cavitating propeller were developed, you can bet the  US Navy  would jump on it. 
 The Russian viewpoint of this problem is different:  cavitation , to them, is a physical phenomenon that reduces any surface's drag with the surrounding fluid, and also happens to cause noise.  Instead of trying to eliminate it, they have spent years trying to utilize it.  Ever since the great  Sergei Pavlovich Korolev 's golden days, the Russians have been fascinated with the  liquid-fuel rocket  and more recently, its cousin the  solid-fuel rocket . 
 At some point in the 60s, they cracked the code, and began testing (and some sources suggest  deploy ing!) a torpedo whose specially shaped nose  caused  cavitation.  The cavity builds up as the  cavitation torpedo  reaches sprint speed, and then small holes near the nose fire  inert gases  into the cavity, expanding it to the entire torpedo's length.  A  solid-fuel rocket  motor fires, and some of the exhaust gases also channel into the cavity.  Once the torpedo is in a pocket of air, four  skid s deploy around it, and it  skip s like a stone off the inside of a tunnel of water.  It travels at an unprecedented 200 knots--essentially, an underwater missile.  For comparison,  America 's  Mk 48  torpedo is cited as approaching 40  knot s at sprint speed.  Its  guidance  probably leaves a lot to be desired, but given time and funding, it's entirely  conceivable  that these will replace or at least  augment  current stocks of " old fashioned " propeller torpedoes in navies rich enough to afford them. 
 It's going to change the way wars are fought at sea; it could be used to  nuke  an entire carrier group, or a port, if equipped with a  physics package .  It could be an engagement-breaker for the otherwise-inferior Russian subs.  No American sub can outrun it, so once fired, the sub crew would have to evade, cutting the wires on any  torpedo  in the water.  Since no engagements have been fought with the  cavitation torpedo , no  countermeasures  exist.  Theoretically speaking, some of the possible solutions include diving deep (to reduce the  nozzle  efficiency and possibly collapse the cavity) or surfacing (to cause the torpedo to breach and lose water contact on a  control surface ).  Running away is almost guaranteed to fail.   Other interesting facts about the  Shkval :
 The sinking of the  Kursk  is rumored to have been caused by a motor case explosion of a  Shkval .
 Edmond Pope  was accused by  Russia  of trying to buy the  blueprints  to the  Shkval .
 Some  open source  documents suggest that the  Russian s had one  Shkval --with a  nuclear  warhead--on each sub they deployed during the  Cuban Missile Crisis .
 
 
 
 
 Track 2 from  Phish 's 1998 studio album,  The Story of the Ghost .  In addition to being a great  Hammond Organ  Transplant, a solid dose of 70s-flavored  groove , and a nice demonstration of  Phish 's vocal talent, it's one of  Phish 's few "serious" songs since the album " Rift ".   Disclaimer : you don't have to believe what I say next, but once you've read the lyrics, you may believe me.  Once you've met the  phan s at a show, I certainly hope you will. 
 This song is about  Phish 's struggles with commercial  suc cess : the fake fans, the fake fame, having to  whore  yourself on  the talk show circuit , and everything that comes as a package deal when  Steve Lillywhite  produces one of your  albums .  The first verse is for the  record label s and the  MTV  journalists who tout each band as  The Next Big Thing  and then count the money while  VH1  does a  Behind the Music  about the newly-washed-up band.  They make money on every step of the group's  life cycle , and leave the group drained and ridiculed for "falling for that whole  fame  thing."  But the more you protest, the more they publicize you as a " sleeper  hit!!!" and urge their  target market  to beg, borrow, lie, or steal to get tickets to  The It Show of the Summer . 
 When  Phish  showed up for the concerts on the  Billy Breathes  tour, they found that everyone there wanted to hear the  radio   single , " Free ," buy a T-shirt, and go home.  The audience were all wearing  Gap  and  Abercrombie & Fitch  and  faux -tattered  white baseball cap s, and had their right arm around their  blonde ,  anorexic  girlfriend from the  field hockey  team. *   And if I exaggerate their attire and similarities, it is for the purpose of giving you an image of the people who came to those  Phish  shows expecting  two short sets of familiar, radio-friendly songs, at least half of which are from the recent album that we all went out and bought at The Wall .   Phish  has never played shows like that, but they were in an awkward position: the  phan s couldn't get tickets, and the  Gap Kids  were packing the house, unhappy because there was so much darned  music  going on. 
 That's what the second verse, and the chorus, are about.  These are the "Birds of a Feather," and when they flock outside, there's no room for the  phan s.  They strut out of stride: that is, they don't know the rules, but they try to join the community of phans anyway. 
 In any community, especially one built around a shared taste, there's going to be  Last Settler Syndrome --everyone wants to be "in," and nobody wants to let anyone "in" after them.  It even happens at  E2 !  But  Phish  took all the fans' complaints, all their own dissatisfaction with the audience who displaced the fans, and their frustration at having to pretend they were  radio-friendly  on  TV , and put it down in a song.  It's a good song.  As with anything else by  Phish , it's a well written tune played by skilled  artisan s.   Phish 's ordinarily "silly" lyrics are absent, however, and the singing is infused with quiet emotion, the resigned sigh of frustration they must have felt. 
 It's a great tune; slightly different from most of their other work.  And I think it became a  single  in some  college town s. 
 
It's easy sometimes when you just coast along; 
like it or not, something always seems to go wrong. 
Sometimes people  build you up  just so they can  knock you down ; 
Sometimes they will have you there 'cause they  need someone around . 
 
Perhaps you'll receive  invitations for tea , 
Or perhaps you'll laugh, and you'll make them all smile, 
Or maybe you'll join them, because it " had to be ." 
Perhaps you'll forget  what you'd forgot for a while . 
 
Birds of a feather are flocking outside! (x4) 
 
Like  whippet s they dance a  curlicue  dance 
of  pulse s and ringing and  campfire  chants, 
of  ritual drumming ; although at first glance 
you thought you could run, but you won't take a chance. 
 
It's not an " experience " if they can't bring someone along: 
They hang on emotions they bottle inside, 
they peck at the ground and they strut out of stride. 
 
Birds of a feather are flocking outside! (x4) 
 
 -=*"*=-+-*" jam   out "*=-+-=*"*=- 
 
 * If you wear these brands, play  field hockey , suffered through  anorexia nervosa , or attended the  Billy Breathes  tour as a  Phish  Virgin , I have, unfortunately, lumped you in with a gross  generalization .  If my statements regarding your expectations of  Phish 's concert were wrong, I'm only too happy to apologize for pre-judging you.  I hope you enjoyed the show, and I'll see you at the next one. 
 
 
 
 LAWN-BOY 
 making mowing easier TM 
 For 67 years,  Lawn-Boy  has made mowing easier for  American homeowners.  In 2001,  Lawn-Boy  continues that  strong tradition with a line of innovative and  powerful mowers. 
 For 11 years, this album has made  CD  collections better for  Phish  listeners.  In 2001,  Lawn Boy  continues that  strong tradition with the same track list of innovative and  powerful  jams . 
 Always there when you need it most,  Lawn-Boy  can be  seen all across the American landscape. For  millions,  Lawn-Boy  is the easy choice. That's why more  people come back to  Lawn-Boy  than any other brand. 
 Always there when you need it most,  Lawn Boy  can be  all over the musical landscape. For  millions, it's a great choice.  That's why more  people think this album is by  Phish  than  any other band . 
 Easy to Start.   Easy to Use.   Easy to Maintain... so you can get to the more relaxing part of your day. 
 Easy to start playing.   Easy to enjoy listening.   Easy to maintain... so you can get to the more relaxing songs on the  CD . 
 www.lawnboy.com &  Jurph 
 
 Made in 1990, this album is  Phish 's  sophomore  album.  Given its quality in the  spectrum  of  Phish  albums, it's a powerful achievement.  Featuring more flavors of  jam  than  Smucker's , more  rock  than a  Flintstones  episode, and slightly fewer  pot  references than  Dazed & Confused , this album has it all.  It's a great cross-section of  Phish 's abilities, and is sufficiently  light-hearted  to be enjoyable by almost anyone on a first listen.  All the same, I can still pop it in the  CD changer  and listen to it, and I've listened to it... lots. 
 The cover features  Jon Fishman 's 1953  Electrolux   vacuum cleaner --you'll hear him soloing on it (think of a  trombone ) during  Run Like an Antelope .  The disc is painted with a logo featuring the vacuum's hose coiled up, perhaps a reference to  The Squirming Coil .  Unlike  Rift  or  A Picture of Nectar , there's no real meaning behind the title; like everything about this album, it's meant to be enjoyed at  face value .  Stoners may note the reference to " grass ", though... 
 The music runs the  gamut  of  Phish 's experience, sliding from style to style within songs as much as between.  Almost every song is a  phan  favorite when played live, from  The Squirming Coil 's beautiful piano solo ending, to the horns and  harmony  on  Split Open & Melt , through the classic  vocal jam  at the end of  Bouncing Round the Room .   Reba 's  funky  lyrics owe a debt to  George's Marvelous Medicine , and  Bathtub Gin  pays a quick  tongue-in-cheek  tribute to  Gershwin .   Run Like an Antelope  is this album's  anchor , a ten-minute  freeway  with a tiny couplet and some  gibberish   Spanish  for lyrics; like  The Divided Sky , it shows off Phish's ability to stick together and release all the energy built up during a song in one furious  lightning  strike.  Oh, and the title track is a fitting counterpart to  My Sweet One : name one other album where you get  rock and roll ,  Gershwin ,  bluegrass , and  lounge lizard  music all on one disc.  Like  Houses of the Holy , this album shows off all the sides of the performers. 
 Phish  has a reputation for being better live than on the studio albums, but if you want to know what all the fuss is about or you can't take the  noodling , pick up a  party platter :  Lawn Boy . 
 
 The Squirming Coil 
 Reba 
 My Sweet One 
 Split Open and Melt 
 Oh Kee Pah Ceremony 
 Bathtub Gin 
 Run Like an Antelope 
 Lawn Boy  (lyrics above)
 Bouncing Around the Room 
 
 Junta  -=*{Lawn Boy}*=-  A Picture of Nectar 
 
 
 
 From the  Spanish  verb  juntar , "to join," the title of  Phish 's first true  studio  album, although tapes from pre- Junta  days exist.  I've heard fans say that you should listen to this one first, to understand their roots, and I've heard other  phan s say that you should buy it, leave it on the shelf until you've heard  A Picture of Nectar  and been to a live show to understand what their original intent for the band was.  Either way, it's an interesting time capsule.  There aren't very many bands who have enjoyed  Phish 's  longevity , and you'd never know that this was the same band that put together  Farmhouse ,  Rift , and  Hoist . 
 Disc 1 
 Junta 's first disc demonstrates  Phish 's proclivity to  jam --there are no songs under  three minutes , and four of the eight songs break the nine-minute mark!  The lyrics are  vintage  Phish, which is to say,  juvenile  but catchy.  They're full of beautifully-written  gibberish ,  jabberwocky , and half-sense that captures the playful mood of the songs perfectly--the best example of this is their song  Golgi Apparatus , which is musically amazing... the lyrics were written by  Trey Anastasio  and his pal  Tom Marshal  in 8th grade.  Having said my piece about the lyrics (don't listen to this  Phish  album if you're looking for a  jam -band with deep literate references like  Rush !!), I'll move on to the reason everyone listens to this gem: the music. 
 Fee  and  Esther  are  fairy tale s set to music that follows the story: cheery, upbeat and  Caribbean  for  Fee ; toe-tapping and terrifying for  Esther .   You Enjoy Myself ,  Foam ,  David Bowie , and  Dinner and a Movie  are all long, intricate grooves with many different sections, arranged, rehearsed, and "bolted down" to an agreed-upon length for the studio, but usually  jam med in concert.  Each track has so many themes running throughout, so many minor moods, almost musical  paragraphs , that it's very tough to identify a song by its title just from hearing part of one instrumental section.  Most pieces dance around several time signatures and feature solos by more than one group member.  And then there's  The Divided Sky . 
 I've got a special place in my heart for it--not only does it come from  Gamehendge , but it has only  six words .  It's a remarkable piece of songwriting, and at almost twelve minutes, never gets dull.  There are at least 3  teaser  endings, showing off  Phish 's concert technique of  tension  and  release , where you expect the song to  end with a bang  and then... back to a mild  jam  that builds up while you're not paying attention... and then down again.  The constant mastery of the song's pacing and intensity, along with their sense of  together ness is that  ineffable  "it" that you try to explain to your friends who don't listen to  Phish , and who can't get past the lyrics.   The Divided Sky  is a  canonical  example of what  Phish  are all about.  Oh, and it uses the word  rhombus  in the liner notes.   Rhombus  is such a cool word. 
 On  shuffle ,  repeat all , or just listening to a single track-- stoned  or  straightedge --this album is fine background music for a quiet cocktail party, a night of cards,  chess ,  backgammon ,  noding ... or for staring at the  stereo  and listening to every instant of all of the music, and hearing  Phish  play  junta --together. 
 Fee 
 You Enjoy Myself 
 Esther 
 Golgi Apparatus 
 Foam 
 Dinner and a Movie 
 The Divided Sky 
 David Bowie 
 
 
 Disc 2 
 More of the same, but with wildly varying quality.  There are moments of brilliance that equal and exceed their  together ness on Disc 1, but there are moments of sheer  crapulence  and  immaturity  where you have to wonder about  quality control .  My initial sense was that they tried to capture what a live show was like with some of the live cuts... but then took cuts from a bad performance. 
 I'll get this out of the way: the last half of Junta II, taken in context of what they're capable of,  sucks .   Union Federal  is a 25 minute  Oh Kee Pah Ceremony  where  Phish  manage to put together a coherent instrumental, but get lost in the  noodling  after about 8 minutes, and don't come back down for the rest of the album.  The tracks before it, and the long transition from  atonal  to  groovy  are great--in fact, they're the last  Phish  I listen to on this disc--but the  wanderlust  should've been edited out.  That's why it's a studio album!  Onward, though: I have never heard a live version of  Sanity  and  Icculus  that I liked  less  than the unprofessional,  slapdash  efforts on  Junta .  I'm sorry if those are your favorite tracks--the silliness and humor of hearing them once is great, but it kills me to hear a band that can play  The Divided Sky  stooping to  Sanity .   Icculus  is about tension and release, and I recognize it--but they've done it better live so many times that this version shouldn't even count as an attempt. 
 Now, on to the good:  Fluffhead  &  Fluff's Travels  are not two songs; they're a single, massive  counterweight  to  Union Federal  and a reminder that this band has skill with their instruments and as a  coherent  musical entity.  The gently strummed and picked  acoustic  guitars, the  mellow  piano work, and the  crescendo  to the  fireworks  at the end... all  brilliant ly done.   Fluffhead  is a wonderful pair of tunes, all 15 minutes of them. 
 Contact  is the last track before  Union Federal , and makes a great addition to any  mix tape  you're working on for a  road trip , especially to lighten the mood.  Kids will sing it and love the  repetition  and silly lyrics.  Your significant other will sing it and give you  that look  during the lovey-dovey verse.  You'll sing along because you want to, and because driving with  Phish  on the stereo is a good thing. 
 Junta 's second disc is a disappointment, but there are treasures to be found in the first three tracks, and you get it free with the first disc, which is worth the $25 you'll pay for it. 
 Fluffhead  ->
 Fluff's Travels 
 Contact 
 Union Federal  ->
 Sanity  ->
 Icculus 
 
 
 On to their next album,  Lawn Boy ! ...or, their most recent album:  Farmhouse . 
 
 
 
 Phish 's 1992 studio effort shows off  Phish 's musical intensity, flexibility, playfulness, but also demonstrates a certain amount of growth past the  stoned  band that played the second  disc  of  Junta , and the silly collegiate antics of  Lawn Boy .  Which is not to say  A Picture of Nectar  isn't a fun album--it's one of their most upbeat albums, and has its roots in  rock  (with clear influences from  jazz  and  bluegrass ) as much as their later albums are solidly built around  jazz ,  country ,  bluegrass ,  jam  and  folk , with marbled stripes of  rock and roll  occasionally appearing in the grain. 
 The opener,  Llama , comes from  Trey Anastasio 's epic fantasy musical  Gamehendge , and  Jon Fishman  does the tight sprinting drum line a favor by playing it well and loudly.  Sprinkled throughout the album are instrumentals like  Eliza ,  Manteca ,  Magilla ,  The Landlady , and  Faht , which show off the group's unique sound, their focus on playing  jazz  and  rock   jam s with laid-back precision.  They make it feel easy, but the second your brain isolates a measure of music, you can hear how hard they word to make it sound  effortless .  There's the token  country  tune,  Poor Heart , which you will either love or hate-- Gordon Stone  makes a  bluegrass   cameo  on  banjo  and  pedal steel , and the group sings silly lyrics in that  high lonesome sound  common to most bluegrass.  Other obligations and homages are taken care of, and then you get to track 9:  the Landlady . 
 The first half of the album is almost a warm up for the  pillar of flame  that follows them through the second half-- Stash  is the only hint on the front side that there is going to be more to come, with its mid-album epic jam.  As soon as they start  The Landlady , the intensity is up a notch, and you can tell  Phish  had a good day or two in the studio.   Glide 's lyrics are throwaway elementary verse, but the tight harmonies and  Jon Fishman 's near-impossible  ambidextrous   three against four  rhythm drives the song into  Tweezer .   Phish  is famous for stretching the  jam  in  Tweezer  over half of a set, live, but here, you get it like  Slurpee  syrup--totally condensed and BANG! right to your head.   The Mango Song  and  Chalkdust Torture  are a great  doubleheader , there's a short, calm cool-down with  Faht  and  Catapult , and then  Phish  takes it home with the  finale  you're expecting from the beginning of  Landlady : and who cares if you've already heard it?  It's  Tweezer Reprise , and it kicks ass, and when the album ends, you're driving over the  speed limit , even if you're sitting in your living room. 
 
 Llama 
 Eliza 
 Cavern 
 Poor Heart 
 Stash 
 Manteca 
 Guelah Papyrus 
 Magilla 
 The Landlady 
 Glide 
 Tweezer 
 The Mango Song 
 Chalk Dust Torture 
 Faht  ->
 Catapult  ->
 Tweezer Reprise 
 
 
 The cover features an extreme close up of an  orange , on which a strangely shaped shadow appears.   It is a ghost-image of  Nectar Rorris --a "Picture of Nectar."  From the liner notes: 
 "Eight and a half years ago, we played our first bar gig at  Nectar's  in  Burlington, VT .   Nectar Rorris , the  proprietor , was happy to give us a gig despite our lack of experience, organization, or a song list long enough to last two sets.  The night went well enough and soon we were playing a series of monthly three night stands - three sets a night on Sunday, Monday, and Tuesday.  Like countless other bands in Burlington's diverse music scene, those nights at  Nectar 's taught us how to play.  We dedicate this album to Nectar Rorris for 16 years of bringing Burlington  live music every night of the week  with  no cover , and the best  fries  this side of...  France ." 
 
 Lawn Boy -=*{A Picture of Nectar}*=- Rift 
 
 
 
 "Congratulations!  You've decided to be a spellcaster.  With that comes great responsibility, a grave, deadly serious study of the darkest arts--" " When do we learn fireball ? " 
 "The sooner I get through my introductory speech, the sooner we'll get down to the Firing range.  Now silence yourself before I decide I need another stone  hatrack .  Now, it all depends on where you're going to do your  post-grad ..." 
 Dungeons & Dragons  ("the  old school ") -  Magic User  Level 5
 Advanced Dungeons & Dragons  -  Wizard  Level 5,  Cleric  if granted by your deity.
 Advanced Dungeons & Dragons, 3rd Edition  -  Wizard   level 5 ,  Sorceror   level 6 ; other situations again requiring the intervention of one's Deity...
 Black & White  - ...and any half-decent Deity can cast fireball whenever He wants.
 Nethack  - Scrolls are available to the  rabble , and if you can read, then you can cast  fireball .  But are you  sure  that "VELOX NEB" doesn't mean " genocide self "?  To truly  learn  the spell requires high  INT  and/or  good luck .
 Diablo  -  Sorceror  Level 4, if that's all you ever study.   Warrior s and  Rogue s can learn it at levels 7 and 6, but if they really want to cast fireball, they should... well, if there are any of you in the room, see me after class.  I've got a  cauldron  that needs fill--er, scrubbing.
 Diablo II  -  Sorceress  Level 12 (requires  Fire Bolt ), and you need to have saved a skill point for the spell and its prerequisite.
 Gemstone III  - Magic user level 8
 GURPS  - Requires  Mage ry skill and  Create Fire  and  Shape Fire  spells. There's no "level" involved, but to learn it, you need to spend a heap of character points. ( thanks,  WWWWolf )
 Soul Blazer  - Level 0, for those of you who want to take the easy way out...
 Ultima Online  - III Circle, with the incantation:  "Vas Flam." 
 Magic: The Gathering  - costs at least 1 red  mana , no 'level' required (of course, to do any damage, you need to put more mana into it).
 Super Mario Brothers  - Again, no "level" to speak of required... but you need to knock your head on a  brick  ceiling, eat a  flower  larger than your body, and change into white  overalls .  My scholarly texts are unclear as to whether this constitutes "learning" the spell, or represents a bizarre off-shoot of artifact casting.
 Super Mario RPG  - At Level 3, Mario learns " Fire Orb ".
 EverQuest  - No spell is actually named "Fireball," but several of you may be able to learn things like "Fire Burst" and "Rain of Fire" relatively early in your curricula.
 Vampire: The Masquerade  -  fireball  is a fairly basic "Lure of Flames" spell, acquired at 2nd level.
 Mage: The Ascension  - again, no 'level', but at the very least, you'll need Forces 3, Prime 2.  If all you ever want to do is cast  fireball , you can attempt it  now .  If your talents lie in that direction, you might even survive the  paradox ...
 E2  - You want to graduate to  WHERE???   Get out!  All of you!  Get out right now, before I show you a real  fireball !  
 
 mutter mutter think they know all there is to know about flames... I've got their  fireball   right here ... mutter mutter  nate  mutter mutter  curse  mutter  dem bones ... 
 Mad props  to  cerulean  and my college roommate  Sir  for helping me with the gory details.


 
 
 
 "He slipped off the edge..... ... ... and silence, contagious in moments like these consumed me, and strengthened my will to appease the  passion  that sparked me one terrible night and shocked and persuaded my soul to alight." -- Phish , from  Rift 
 
 Rift  is the title of  Phish 's 1993 studio album, and it is regarded as one of their best studio albums, if not the best.  Unlike their earlier efforts,  Junta ,  Lawn Boy , and  A Picture of Nectar ,  Rift  keeps an even keel throughout the album instead of switching abruptly between Phish's multiple styles.  When there are transitions, they're gradual, and some of the songs seem to melt together--even where  Phish  hasn't made the conscious effort to tie them together, as they do with  Fast Enough for You -> Lengthwise -> Maze . 
 The opening (and title) track belies the album's apparent tranquility, and sets the stage for the  neurotic ,  self-aware  undercurrents in even their most peaceful songs on the album.   Rift  sets up the album with imagery of a  Jacob's Ladder -influenced dream struggle against an otherworldy adversary, overlooking... a  Rift  (the relationship-ending  cliche  is there if you want to see it; feel free to assume the  Rift  exists on many levels).   Opening in an urgent four-part  harmony  that mimics the overtones of a  train whistle , with  Jon Fishman 's excellent brush work on the  drums  sounding like the rustle and thunder of a passing  freight train 's wheels (or a panicked dream-runner's footsteps down an endless hall), the song can be interpreted as the beginning of a long dream, or an  epiphany  that finally leads the dreamer into the waking world.  Either way, the story of the album uses  Rift  as its jumping off point, ending with a scream of--depending on how you look at it--revelation and awakening in sweaty sheets, or falling into the Rift in the dream, eyes and mouth open and screaming. 
 The album has  love song s, but all of them wear uneasy sad cloaks, and exist with a dim  paranoia , a not-quite-reality.  The panic of being "trapped" in a relationship surfaces in  Maze --or is the singer dreaming again?  A rejected gift destroys the giver in  Sparkle -- or is the singer still dreaming?   All the phases of relationships are examined.  The album also has a healthy dose of pure  nightmare  paranoia, in songs like  My Friend, My Friend  (He's got a knife!),  It's Ice , and others.  Again and again, the listener has to wonder: is  love  a dream, or is the  fear of love  a dream?  And whichever is the dream-- passion  or  loneliness --is it more accurate to call it a  nightmare ?  Will everything really be  Silent in the Morning ? 
 On a lyrical level,  Rift  will challenge anyone who enjoys reading two or three layers into their  literature ; I'm imagining  stoned   English professor s here, a la  Wonder Boys .  On a  songwriting  level, the songs individually and as an album maintain the flow of a concrete work, to the point where it's hard to imagine any of the songs existing on any other album, or without any of the others.  And of course, as all of the  phan s have come to expect, on an instrumental level, all four members of  Phish  play their instruments so well, so cleanly, and with such awareness of each other, that instead of waiting through their long instrumentals, you'll find yourself waiting for more of them.  On a much simpler level, you can put this album on  repeat all  and let it go--focus as much or as little as you choose on the intricacies, and the album is still there, and still great music.  Given  Phish 's reputation for  noodling  and irritating non-fans with  experimental  jams, this may be their most coherent and professional album ever, and their most accessible to new listeners. 
 Rift 
 Fast Enough for You 
 Lengthwise  ->
 Maze 
 Sparkle 
 Horn 
 The Wedge 
 My Friend, My Friend 
 Weigh 
 All Things Reconsidered 
 Mound 
 It's Ice 
 Lengthwise  (reprise) ->
 The Horse  ->
 Silent in the Morning 
 
 The "->" symbol represents tracks whose music overlaps significantly.   The Horse  is considered an introduction to  Silent in the Morning . 
 
 previous album / next album A Picture of Nectar -=*{Rift}*=- Hoist 
 
 An interesting side note, before I get to the lyrics to the title track,  Rift , which also belongs here: the cover art is an amazingly detailed drawing in hues of  blue ,  indigo , and  black , of a man tossing and turning in a  half empty  bed.  If you search the cover, you will find every track on the album represtented pictorially... except  The Horse .   Phish 's next album,  Hoist , features a  Horse  slung from a hoist in  Day Glo  yellows, oranges, and pinks on its cover--and the album has nothing to do with a horse.  This can't be a coincidence. 
 
 Rift , the song: 
 Trey Anastasio  and  Page McConnell , both  tenor s with solid dramatic  baritone  ranges, trade off the lyrics of this song while playing guitar and keyboards, respectively; Trey takes the even lines, Page the odd ones, but the whole group sings a minor 4-part chord on the first two words of each verse, resolving it to a  major chord  on the word "much" the 2nd time through the 2nd verse.  Until the chord resolves, it is eerily reminiscent of the  overtone s in a train whistle.   Mike Gordon 's bass playing is talented and precise, as always, and  Jon Fishman 's drumming, especially his brushwork and his forays off onto the  woodblock  and  cowbell  during the jams really gives this song its harried panicky tempo. 
 
 Last night --in the moments my thoughts were adrift, 
while coasting a terrace, approaching a  rift 
(through which I could spy several glimpses beneath 
of the darkness the light from above could not reach)-- 
I spied wings of  Reason  herself taking flight, 
and upon yonder  precipice  saw her alight, 
and glare back at me one last look of  dismay , 
as if she were the last one she thought I'd betray. 
 
 The dreamer, with more nested clauses than a block of  Lisp  code, identifies the scene: he's dreaming of a terrace overlooking a  rift .   Reason , here personified as a female with wings (perhaps an angel), descends and lands nearby, glaring as though he had wronged her.  In the context of the album, this may be Reason, but it may also be a stand-in for the ever-present female in all of the album's songs. 
 
" So much the better ," I said to myself, 
and drawing quite close to the top of the shelf, 
I struggled with  Destiny  up on the ledge, 
and gasped when, defeated, he slipped off the edge, 
and  silence , contagious in moments like these, 
consumed me, and strengthened my will to  appease 
the  passion  that sparked me one terrible night, 
and  shocked and persuaded my soul to ignite . 
 
 Now, unfazed by Reason's accusatory look, the dreamer wrestles with  Destiny --a male--and manages to throw him into the precipice.  The parallel with  Jacob's Ladder  is an obvious one, but the male-female dynamic suggests the fight is to win the heart of  Reason .  The sudden silence "strengthened (his) will to appease the passion" he feels, but it is unclear if the silence or the passion is what "shocked and persuaded (his) soul to ignite."   Catharsis  is clear--the source is not.  Has he betrayed  Reason ?  Has he defeated his  Destiny ?  The theme is defiance and transcendence, with powerful emotions. 
 
 {At this point, the song enters what I call the "flying dream jam," culminating in a 4-part vocal key change during the held word "much" in the next verse.  This verse is lyrically identical to the 2nd, but is played in a different, more urgent key.} 
 
" So mu-u-u-u-u-uch... the better ," I said to myself, 
and drawing quite close to the top of the shelf, 
I struggled with  Destiny  up on the ledge, 
and gasped when, defeated, he slipped off the edge.... 
 ... 
{ 8 seconds of silence } 
 ... 
...and  silence , contagious in moments like these, 
consumed me, and strengthened my will to  appease 
the  passion  that sparked me one terrible night, 
and  shocked and persuaded my soul to ignite . 
 
--and shocked and persuaded my soul to ignite-- 
 (and shocked and persuaded my soul to ignite) 
--and shocked and persuaded my soul to ignite-- 
 (and shocked and persuaded my soul to ignite) 
And  shocked and persuaded my soul to ignite -- 
 Aah, Aaaah, Aaaaah: AaaaaaAAAAAAAAH! 
 
 
 
The lyrics contained herein are ©  Phish , 1993, and are used here in good faith; this writeup has been  CST Approved . 
 ...and as a completely useless bit of trivia, I would like to point out that these lyrics can be sung to the tune of  Away in a Manger , and  vice versa . 
 
 
 
 how to start 
 
Open 
the  poem  with a sentence. 
 
No, 
Open the  poem  with  a sky 
folded into a sentence . 
 
No, 
Open the  poem  with a sky 
built backwards to confuse the silvery trained  dove s of your eyes, 
and to send them somewhere 
new.   Call this place home , 
and do not keep cages there. 
 
No! 
Open the  poem  with a  crowbar ! 
Pry meaning from the 
spaces between words, otherwise this 
black paint will dry over the 
seams and the poem will 
 gasp 
and not be let out! 
 
No: 
Open the  poem  without struggling. 
Let the fish think itself slipping away 
like  mercury  or  a rhyme 
for silver . 
Let it shimmer under the darkest blue 
getting smaller and smaller until it is a  star 
in a sky built backwards 
and do not set the hook 
until you are out of 
lines. 
 
 -- jurph 
 
 
 
 Сергей Павлович Королев (1907-1966) 
 Sergei Pavlovich Korolev (KOR-ole-yuv) was born in  Zhitomir , capital of  Zhitomir Oblast , the  Ukraine .  It was 12 January 1907 (by the Western calendar), the dawn of the  20th century  and the  aviation age , and at the time, nobody could have predicted his impact on scientific progress that century.  The world was still enthralled with  airplanes  and the  Wright Brothers , and there was no reason to notice this tiny  Ukrainian  baby. 
 How the young Korolev came to  Odessa  in the Southern Ukraine is not clear, but while there he entered the Odessa Building Trades School, and is remembered for hitching  joyride s with local  flying boat   pilot s. At the age of 19 he designed, built and flew his own  glider .  Sergei was clearly not going to settle for a life as a stereotypical  Ukrainian  farmer. 
 From Odessa, he worked his way up through the  racist   meritocracy  that was Soviet  academia  to the  Kiev  Polytechnic Institute, the most advanced school in the  Ukraine  for  engineer s and  scientist s.  For a person who was not an ethnic  Russian , there was only so far one could go by being "among the best," and Kiev was that place.  However, Sergei was not "among the best," he  was  the best--and he was moved to  Moscow  Higher Technical School, where his teachers included  Sergei Tupolev  and  Zhukovsky .  After graduating, he co-founded  GIRD : (Gruppa Isutcheniya Reaktivnovo Dvisheniya, Group for Investigation of Reactive Motion).  It was  rocket science --and Sergei was good at it.  In 1933, Sergei Korolev launched the  USSR 's first  liquid-fuel rocket . 
 The  military  saw the promise in Korolev's work before the U.S. Army saw potential in  Robert Goddard 's mirror-image work in  America --it took only 2 years for  GIRD  to be absorbed by  RNII  (Reaction Propulsion Scientific Research Institute).  By 1937, Korolev and RNII had developed the  USSR 's first rocket-propelled aircraft.  Before it flew,  Stalin 's purges finally reached the scientific community, and Korolev was thrown in the  gulag  with the USSR's brightest minds.  He was sent to the  Korolya Gold Mines , the most feared of the  gulag s, and almost certainly would have died performing brainless brute labor if Stalin hadn't recognized the growing threat from  Hitler  and the waste of talent occurring in his prisons.  Instead of performing mindless labor for long, impossible hours, all  aeronautical engineer s and other  scientist s were ordered to work towards the  СССо 's  military  goals. 
 Systems of  sharashka s (prison  design bureau x) were set up, and Korolev was again taken under the wing of Sergei  Tupolev .  Korolev was personally requested by Tupolev at Sharashka ЦКб-39.  By all accounts, this transfer saved Korolev's life.  Korolev, in dry  Russian   irony , remarked that he was one of a very few people whose life  Hitler  had saved--if it hadn't been for the war, he would have died in the mines. 
 At  Cuxhaven  in the summer of 1945, General  Dwight D. Eisenhower  gloated over  America 's annex of  Wernher Von Braun  by launching three  V-2  rockets at a demonstration for the USSR's top brass.  A  colonel  in the  Red Army , Korolev watched quietly, certain he could duplicate the feat.  Although he saw Eisenhower, and certainly Eisenhower saw him, no American would know his identity until after his death--the USSR feared losing him so much that he became a  state secret  soon thereafter. 
 Korolev was put in charge of the  Soviet  rocket program, and launched the  R-1 , a clone of the  V-2  in very short order.  Anecdotal evidence suggests that the  R-2  was being designed in parallel, but that Stalin wanted a V-2 of his own before the scientists tried any of this " innovation "  voodoo  he'd been hearing about.  In any case, Korolev's  R-2  was the first wholly  indigenous   liquid-fuel missile  the USSR ever produced.  Many would follow. 
 As the  Cold War  dawned, Sergei was ordered to develop an  ICBM  to carry the Soviet  nuclear  warhead over the  North Pole  to American  strategic  bomber bases.  It sounds simple now, but it had never been done.  He was given the reins at  Baykonur  Test Range (soon to become  Baykonur Cosmodrome ), and a blank check from  Mother Russia .  He produced the  R-7 , the world's first  ICBM .  This was the beginning of a long string of firsts that Sergei would reach before his American counterparts--and they had  Wernher von Braun , the  godfather  of  rocketry , in their corner! 
 In 1953, Stalin died, and Korolev joined the  Communist Party .  A year later, he submitted a secret proposal to Krushchev:  Why not take the R-7 into  outer space ?  When  Nikita Khrushchev  took power and denounced Stalin, Korolev knew he had an ally.  By now, he was known as the  Chief Designer , a demigod among  Russian s; when the committee-planned satellite project fell behind schedule, Korolev proposed "Primary Satellite".  It would weigh 184 pounds, and fit neatly atop his  R-7 .  In 1957, when Americans were driving cars with what they thought were " futuristic " fins, Korolev's satellite was finally finished; it looked like a swollen  stainless steel   potato  with  whiskers , and was named, innocuously,  Sputnik .  184 pounds of Korolev's work--no futuristic fins needed--rocked the scientific world on  October 4, 1957 . 
 From here on out, the "Chief Designer" was never photographed, and became a terrifying and shadowy figure to the Americans at  NACA .  His  Nobel Prize  for  Sputnik  was accepted on behalf of all Soviet people.  13 months later, he beat the Americans again, sending  Laika  into orbit--the first living creature to fly into space.  Korolev put a 3.5-ton  Sputnik III  in space before America even got a satellite up, and in the background, led the design work on  Vostok , which eventually carried  Yuri Gagarin  into space on  April 12, 1961 . 
 In the next five years, he would be at the helm for the glory of the Soviet Space Program, winning the  space race  with such coups as
 Valentina Tereshkova , first woman in space
 First two-man capsule in space
 First three-man capsule in space
 First photographs of  the dark side of the Moon 
 First  spacewalk , and
 Soyuz , the most-used rocket in the world
 
 Unfortunately--or perhaps fortunately--Korolev didn't live to see the  American Moon Landing ; his time in the Gulag had left him in poor health, and he died having a  hemorrhoid  removed in what was supposed to be a routine procedure.  History records  septicaemia  and/or  blood loss  as the cause of death.  Without the "Chief Designer," the already-fractured design bureaux fell on his legacy like dogs on a scrap of  filet mignon .  With petty internal squabbling and politics, nobody was left to run the space program. 
 After his death on January 14, 1966, Sergei Korolev's name was announced to the world, he was pronounced a  Hero of the Soviet Union , and he was given a burial with honors inside the walls of the  Kremlin . 
 
 Thanks to  Nemosyn  for the editorial help, and  Wyclef  for the  Cyrillic ! 
 
 
 
 I would like to thank the  Mental Notes  for introducing me to this phenomenon.  Our Western system of  music theory  has been around for a long time, and there are only so many chords you can arrange that "resolve" and sound like music and not just  atonal   shite .  One would suspect that  Beethoven  is, at this very moment, looking down from  Heaven  and thinking, " Your radical ideas about switching from that chord to an A have already occurred to others ," but what are the odds that you'd actually find a song whose structure was--accidentally or not--copied from another song's? 
 The odds are pretty good, it turns out.  You can find this sweet coincidence in all kinds of songs, but, well...  So What ?  There is humor to be found, and the  juxtaposition  of  Alanis  with  Trent Reznor --of  pop  with  industrial --and the unholy amounts of  angst  they both bring makes this a particularly rewarding combination to start with.  Here's what you do ( those reading this node are invited to play along at home ): 
 Put in  Pretty Hate Machine  and listen to  Head Like a Hole  until you've got the words and tune of it solidly in your head.
 Take it out and put in  Jagged Little Pill ; turn on  You Oughtta Know , but keep your focus on the  NIN .
 When Alanis sings the first line, "I want you to know..." start to sing along--
 --with Trent's lyrics.  "God Money, I'd do anything for you..."
 at the switch to "an older version of me," sing the "No, you can't take it" lines from the  NIN ,
 and when Alanis gets all angsted up and blows a gasket screaming "And I'm HEEEEERE!  To re-MIND YOU!" you can just open up your pipes and scream back, "Head like a HOLE! Black as YOUR SOUL!"
 Mix and match sections as needed throughout the song; you'll find that you have to rearrange the NIN song to sync up with Alanis.
 The two songs are recorded in different keys, so those of you with  perfect pitch ,  transpose  on the fly to get the two to blend.  It's like  chocolate  &  vanilla  swirl  soft serve !
 This  can  be done the other way around, but it's harder to get the two to sync up in your mind; much more skipping around is necessary.
 
 Eerie enough for you?  Let a few friends in on the secret before a  party , and bring one of the songs on  CD ; sing the other.  Add alcohol, serve chilled. 
 Other interesting  hybrid s:
 Love Shack  / (Let Me Stand Next to Your)  Fire 
 Frere Jacques  /  Row Row Row Your Boat /countless other children's songs
 Why Don't You Get a Job  /  Obla Di 
 Hand in My Pocket  /  All I Really Want 
 Tears in Heaven  /  Wonderful Tonight 
 Phish's  Free  over the repeated ending of The Smashing Pumpkins'  Rocket 
 Pachelbel's Canon in D  /  Jolly Old Saint Nicholas 
 Both of  Nickelback 's hits (http://www.thewebshite.co.uk/nickelback.htm)
 ... and so many more .
 
 In the last two or three years, this phenomenon has gone big time in the form of commercial bootleg recordings called " mash-ups ".  You can download  MP3  tracks by groups like  Soulwax  and  Soundhog  who absolutely abuse the original songs.   Christina Aguilera  sings over a guitar riff from  the Strokes ;  Vanilla Ice  raps over the  Fun Lovin' Criminals ;  Eminem  raps to just about anything you can name, including a  Britney Spears  pop hook.  For the love of God:  Destiny's Child  sing " Bootylicious " against the epic guitar riff from  Smells Like Teen Spirit .  Enjoy. 
 
 
 
 In the 1920's and 1930's,  aviation  was in its  golden years --a brilliant  adolescence  where  swashbuckling   flyboy s would fly anything with wings and an engine for the thrill of it.  The fringe benefits didn't hurt, either: fame, and thousands of  depression  dollars in  prize money  for breaking records or winning races.  The trade-off?  It seemed like everyone was an airplane manufacturer, and not everyone was good at it.  If you didn't fly planes from a maker you could trust, you didn't fly for very long. 
 Of the "trustworthy" shops of the day, one stands above the rest: Granville Brothers Aviation.  The Granville brothers were from  Springfield, MA , and built biplanes for private use, but in  the Great Depression  there was little market for such luxury items, and they turned to making racing aircraft to earn themselves a slice of the pie. 
 In 1930, they built the Gee Bee Sportster Model X ("Gee Bee" from "G.B."--the Granville Bros.) to fly in the  Cirrus  Engine Company's "All American Derby."  At 110 hp , the Model X boasted a top speed of 140  mph , and was the fastest stock aircraft in the race, coming in second place to a custom-built machine.  It was clear that the Gee Bee design was a winner, and their fame spread quickly. 
 They didn't rest on their laurels, though--they were soon marketing new and improved versions of the Gee Bee Sportster: the Model C, Model D, Model E, Model F, and Model Y (The Senior Sportster).  Money got tight (as it tended to in the Depression), and they were convinced to build another racer to win the  Thompson Trophy  in  Cleveland, OH , in 1931.  The Gee Bee Model Z was the fastest airplane in America, and proved it with a win.  Unfortunately, the Model Z shed a wing in a speed sprint a few months later, and rolled into the ground, killing pilot Lowell Bayles. 
 This ended up being the first nail in the coffin of Gee Bee aviation, but only in hindsight.  The four brothers, along with a new engineer, strived for bigger and better planes, and with only half a year before the next races, went into their shop full of new ideas.  They borrowed a pair of huge engines from  Pratt & Whitney , and practically spray-painted the Gee Bee R-1 and R-2 around them.  The R-1 was a 800hp sprinter for the days' straight courses; the R-2 was designed to fly several laps at slightly lower speed, and only cranked 535hp.  The R-1 cleanly won the Thompson in 1932, and the R-2 came in 4th in the Bendix.   James Doolittle , before his career as an  Army Air Corps  bomber  colonel , took the R-1 to the 1932 Thompson Trophy, and set a world speed record of 296mph in the  Shell  Speed Dash. 
 In 1933, their luck turned for the worse again.  At the Thompson Trophy race, the R-2  stall ed during a  pit stop  and knocked off a wingtip.  The pilot recovered and only incurred damage to the landing gear and wing, but the plane was out of the race.  The R-1's pilot, shaken by the accident, also stalled on landing and rolled completely over, destroying the airplane and dying from his injuries.  After another crash in the patched-together R-2, the brothers took parts from both and cobbled together a hybrid, the R-1/R-2.  Despite the warnings of two of his older brothers, Allen Granville installed a large fuel tank  aft  of the  center of gravity .  When he took off with a full load of fuel, he was killed in a fiery wreck, effectively closing Gee Bee Aviation forever.  The company was officially liquidated in 1933, but in its time, Gee Bee produced aircraft that were still inspiring the  state of the art  for years afterward. 
 
 
 
 As almost anyone who took  Physics  can tell you (for the first two or three weeks after the course), there are  3  "simple machines" on which all others are based.  The " Big Three " are (in no particular order): 
 The  Wheel  - consists of a wheel turning about an axle; serves to replace  sliding friction  (wheel to ground) with  rolling friction  (axle against wheel's hub) which is significantly lower due to a smaller surface area and less relative velocity between the contact surfaces.  Choosing the materials and radii of wheels and axles allows the designer to greatly reduce friction losses  e.g.  a  skateboard .  
 The  Inclined Plane  - consists of any surface that is not horizontal or vertical placed in proximity to one that is; serves to transfer force at an angle, so that a small amount of force with a large displacement can be transferred in a perpendicular direction as a larger force with a small displacement.  e.g.  a  doorstop , which exerts great vertical force from a gentle kick.  All blades are inclined planes.
 The  Lever  - Consists of a  fulcrum  and a  lever , and transfers force at a distance, repaying you with multiplied force for a trade-off of distance, or  vice versa .   e.g.  a  crowbar , with 6cm from fulcrum to  business end  and a 60cm handle will pry with 10x the force you put into it, but the business end will only move 1/10 the distance.
 
 Many other things we think of as "simple" machines are combinations of the three basic principles.  For example: 
 A  pulley  is a  wheel , and if you try to hoist a load vertically by pulling the rope at a shallow angle, the rope is an  inclined plane .
 A  corkscrew  is a long, continuous  inclined plane  wrapped around a central shaft.  If it's a typical corkscrew for opening wine bottles, the T-handle at the top is a  lever .
 A toothed  gear  is a  wheel , but functionally it is a lever, with its  fulcrum  at the axis. And putting it all together, you have:
 A  pizza cutter  is a  wheel , whose sharp edge is a pair of  inclined plane s back-to-back, and whose handle is a  lever .  The butt of your hand applies downward force; your fingers form the  fulcrum  (by pulling upward on the grip) and the handle magnifies the force.  This magnified downward force causes the inclined planes to force the pizza on the left of the blade away from the pizza on the right.  Any forward force makes the wheel rotate, and the tool moves along the surface to be cut.
 
 All simple machines conserve 1  mechanical  energy  (the mathematical  product  of  force  and  distance ) but allow the user to trade one for the other.  Every  machine  works on these principles; exceptions are machines that consume or produce non-mechanical energy (chemical, electrical, etc.)-- electric generator s and  motor s,  internal combustion engine s, and so forth.  As long as the energy in the "ideal" ( lossless ) system is conserved (or in a "real" system, once  entropy  and  friction  take their slices), the mechanical parts are made from these three components in combinations and permutations far too varied to list here. 
 
 Neglecting, of course, that friction will  always  convert a small amount of the system's mechanical energy into thermal energy. 
 
 
 
 In a traditional  Nawlins  funeral, this song is played slowly on the way out to the  grave site by a  makeshift   brass band  or  jazz  combo composed of the deceased's friends, symbolizing the feeling of loss.  Other than the tempo, there aren't really any rules.  Don't have an instrument?  Sing along, or sob.  Let your grief pour down. 
 Depending on what goes on at the  gravesite , the band stops playing, or drops down to  pianissimo , or everyone simply sets down the  casket  and leaves the burying for later. 
 Nonetheless, the best version of this song you will ever hear is when the  pallbearer s and the band can't see the grave anymore.  The deceased is no longer in the  coffin ; he or she is in  HEAVEN !   Hallelujah !  The tempo is picked up, the weeping is forgotten, and the  very same song  is played as a rollicking, joyous,  ad lib  celebration  jam : a closer walk with  Jesus , after all, is what the song is about, and that is a wonderful thing for our dear departed friend!  Improvised counter-melodies and  descant s are the norm, and "cutting loose" is the theme. 
 
 
 
 At  Johns Hopkins University  (and I suspect a great many others), the pre-med is an  undergrad  whose mother wants him to be a  doctor , and who is sufficiently good at memorizing long lists for tests, and doesn't care much for  ethics .  Also the name of the  JHU   Mental Notes ' first Hopkins satire song, making fun of the aforementioned overly-zealous undergrad. 
 Sung to the tune of  The Gambler , it is a near  carbon copy  of  Kenny Rogers ' greatest hit--with a few notable exceptions.  The Mental Notes have made sure to relearn this one every year, but don't often perform it as part of their semester's set, preferring to save it for an  alumni  participation  encore  or a great  sing-along  for guest groups at a post-show party. 
 
On a warm summer's evening, on a  train  bound for  Hopkins , 
I met up with a  pre-med ;  he was too damned tired to sleep . 
So he just sat there starin' at the  textbook  I was readin' 
'til I got  pissed  and glared at him, and he began to speak: 
 
He said, "Son, I've lived my life,
just to get myself in  med school , 
 doing what I had to do  
to make sure I got in. 
And if you don't mind me sayin', I can see you're havin' problems. 
 But for a look at your homework, I'll tell you how to win . 
 
So I handed him my  Orgo , he looked at all my answers, 
then he asked me for a pen, and copied every one. 
Then the night got deathly quiet, as his face lost all expression--  
"Well, if you're gonna be a pre-med, you've gotta be  number one . 
 
 ...You've got to know how to  beat  'em, 
know how to  cheat  'em-- 
know how to  throat  your  friends  to get ahead. 
You've got to guard your homework, 
give your friends the wrong assignments, 
and be the terror of your  Chem  lab if you're 
gonna be pre-med." 
 
{key change!} 
 
"Now every pre-med knows that the secret to surviving 
is knowing your  reactions  and  bribing  your  TA . 
'Cause every  throat 's a winner--and  all nice guys are losers , 
but if you ride the  curve , you'll get that  Four-Oh   GPA ." 
 
So when he finished speakin', he turned back towards my  Orgo . 
I asked him for my work back-- bastard  shot me full of lead! 
Now late that very spring, the pre-med  ace d his  MCAT s, 
and now he's  throat ing all his 'friends', up at  Harvard  Med! 
 
 ...You've got to know how to  beat  'em, 
know how to  cheat  'em-- 
know how to  throat  your  friends  to get ahead. 
You've got to guard your homework, 
give your friends the wrong assignments, 
and be the terror of your  Chem  lab if you're 
gonna be pre-med." 
 
  {break into 4-part unison, no backing vocals): 
 You've got to know how to  beat  'em,  (in place of the lovely and famous country  descant , a senior screams:  "BEAT 'EMMMMM!" )  
know how to  cheat  'em-- (and again:  "CHEAT 'EMMMMM!"  ) 
know how to  throat  your  friends  to get ahead. 
You've got to guard your homework, 
give your friends the wrong assignments, 
and be the terror of your  Chem  lab if you're 
gonna be pre-med." 
 
Chorus once more, ending with "...Chem lab, and you'll 
go to Harvard Med." 
 
 
 
 My first attempt at something longer than a  sestina , this poem has sat gathering  space dust  on my  hard drive  for a very long time.  It started out as a  verse  version of an  O. Henry  story and exploded into a long-winded exercise of my versification muscles, and finally settled into being a story aimed at an audience that still believes that an average Joe (Jonathan) can, on any day of the week, stumble onto a miracle.  There are only 2 stanzas, but I hope to change that eventually.  Even if I don't, I have an idea of where the story is going, and I've established a  meter  (many thanks to  Phish  for the 3/4 verses of  Esther ), so I'm well on my way.  Enjoy it--or don't, if you'd rather not.   Do as you please. 
 
 J onathan Pope was an average man 
with an average job and an average life 
with plans to eventually wake up some day 
in an average bed  with a beautiful wife . 
 
Jonathan worked at a  jewelry  store 
where he took apart  watches  and catches and clasps 
and the closest he'd been to a murderous mood 
was while stifled with customers' ungrateful gasps. 
 
He didn't like  fakery , tricks or deceit, 
and  assay ing  zirconia  in  pyrite -pale bands 
of fake gold, which were meant as expressions of faith, 
brought an unlikely twitch to his pale steady hands. 
 
He'd mumble "it's fake" and turn back to a clock-- 
a dependable partner when tended and tight-- 
and they'd stare and they'd sputter and quiver and flutter. 
Disbelieving, they'd puff out their huffy "Good night." 
 
It happened each month about thrice, or in June 
maybe twice thrice, six times, he would have to make bold 
to presume some exquisite, invaluable ring 
was in fact fatty clumps of fake flimsy fool's gold. 
 
When it happened like this, he would clean up the shop 
and clear up and tidy until he could close, 
and go home.  Then he'd go straight to bed with a headache 
for hating to have to so often impose. 
 
One such Thursday last May in the dim jewelry store, 
he had seven old ladies (and three not-so-old) 
ask him nicely (or seven times, well, not-so-kindly) 
just what he'd implied when he'd called it " Fool's Gold ." 
 
And he closed up and slept and named each of his headaches 
for ladies whose dreams he had tarnished this way. 
And he always thought, "What if I didn't go back?" 
And he thought, and he thought... and went back the next day. 
 
 (Except for a Friday quite early last May.) 
 
 
 W hen the clock clicked to eight one fine Friday last May, 
and Jonathan unlocked the jewelry shop 
he found  a small package (quite large for its size) 
aloof on the stoop, a crisp  postcard  on top. 
 
It was swaddled with newspapers, seven days old, 
in a language he thought might have been  Japanese 
and the  postcard  attached was inscribed on its back 
simply yet cryptically, 
 Do as you please . 
 
He glanced 'round the street and saw nobody there: 
not the constant foot-traffic for Friday's first shift, 
nor the  constable , stable and able to stop 
all the cars that kept stopping, then coasting adrift. 
 
 At that moment the street was a stage for one soul 
and Jonathan Pope didn't know it at all 
but he reached down to pick up that package--possessed 
by a foolishness, fleeting—-he bent, then stood tall. 
 
"By boredom, more like it," said Jonathan Pope, 
and picked up the package  as quick as you please , 
only slower, because it hung heavy in hand, 
and the weight of it put him quite  ill at his ease . 
 
When he walked in the shop the small card hadn’t changed, 
and the letters still spelled out that funny demand: 
 Do as you please , on the back of  Mt. Fuji 
in a glossy blue-green, on the card in his hand. 
 
He was certain the note wasn’t written to him. 
He was certain that nobody  overseas  ached 
to see Jonathan Pope simply do as he pleased-- 
to stop his assessing of  diamond s (and fakes). 
 
But his fingers were faster than good sense or thought, 
and he ripped, like a child, through  Nippon   newsprint 
 not thinking of whether he should or should not 
 but of doing —-and that’s when he saw the first hint. 
 
 The package’s contents cast back a bright glint. 
 
 
 
 
 
 One of the many  audience participation  lines one can yell in the long pause during  The Rocky Horror Picture Show .   Tim Curry  sings the following line to  Brad  and  Janet  during his grand entrance: 
 So come up to the lab and see  what's on the slab I see you shiver with antici 
 pation. 
 And during that long pause, there may be an eerie silence (otherwise unheard of at a  RHPS ), in which someone will finally yell, in an orgasmically throaty voice, " SAY IT! ".  Another well-known retort is this: "This movie would completely suck without audience partici--", where Tim Curry finishes the sentence for you. 
 
 
 
 One  Jurph --the only  Jurph --slices quickly through the dusk, well  under the radar , the  sunroof  gaping, the rumbling thunder of  John Bonham  combined with the funky groove of the  Doppler effect  putting the cows he passes in an uneasy, anxious mood. 
 The  Honda Accord  is stealthy; it has  Delaware  plates, but it streaks in from the west--from  Fairborn, OH --and carries a  frisbee -brand  flying disc .  There are  pretzel s, there is a  duffel bag  of contingency clothing, there is a  sleeping bag .  There is a fine mist on the inside of the windshield from too much  vocal percussion .  I'll join in the jam if there's room. 
 Need a ride?   /msg  me if you're part of my flight profile, or reasonably situated on  I-70  between  Dayton, OH  and  Columbus, OH .  I'm only too happy to subject you to my music, and to my  vocal percussion . 
 
 addendum :  other miscellanea, some of which may also be in the car: 
 corn pone 
 Pizzeria Pretzel Combos 
 at least one  XXL   dickfer 
 Guinness 
 combat boots 
 National Air Intelligence Center   blue ribbon   chili  (if I can con the recipe out of a co-worker)
 Copies of my  E2  mix tape   May 16, 2001  : house got robbed, stereo is  AWOL , last copy of tape also.
 czeano 's  Doppler Effect  (see?   I've  got it...  right here ).
 
 
 
 
 A notoriously bad work of  fanfic , published shortly after the theatrical release of  Return of the Jedi  by a small, independent  pulp  printing house, under an anonymous byline.  It is widely known as "the worst adaptation of movie characters to the printed page ever."  The author is unknown, but rumors give credit to (among others): 
 Tom Wolfe , after one too many  Electric Kool-Aids ,
 Hunter S. Thompson , with typical  Fear & Loathing ,
 Michael Jackson , in a bizarre  Bubbles -induced phantasy,
 John Belushi , drugged to the gills after a private screening, and convinced that he had  left Carrie Fisher at the altar ,
 Salman Rushdie , bored out of his skull,
 Steve "Jar-Jar" Lucas , George's  idiot savant  brother, locked in the attic a la  Boo Radley  with a typewriter, 
 Kevin J. Anderson , on a good day,
...and more. For  one brief shining moment  in 1985, it was  hip  to be suspected as the author of this atrocious piece of work, so  Christian Slater ,  Michael J. Fox , and the  Corey s all took their turns claiming to be "the one" in  Tiger Beat  interviews.  Local libraries were besieged with 10-year-old girls wishing to read this awful tale; there are, however, no records of anyone having it out longer than one day. 
 In literary scope, it has been compared favorably to books like " 101 More Ways Not to Die in an Elevator ," and " Allotheria :  A Field Guide ."  In depth, it competes with " Plan 9 From Outer Space " and the backs of some  cereal box es--but usually loses.  In terms of sheer enjoyment, one reader, who claimed to have made it all the way to page 75 before falling into a coma from severe  internal injuries , compared it to "the worst  Vogon Poetry  ever published, only...  novel length ." 
 The plot, insofar as there is one, finds  Princess Leia  dating  Han Solo , and losing control of her bizarrely  feminine   Jedi  powers.  She discovers that she causes any lightsaber she wraps her hand around to surge in power; this makes her a formidable opponent in training, but she soon finds that she has used too much  Force  on Luke's lightsaber, and it is rendered useless.   Han Solo  sees Luke defenseless and reveals that he, too, has a lightsaber--larger, and of  sterner stuff  than Luke's.  Leia is overjoyed at first, but soon her overeager,  Force -laden hands burn out Han's long, purple lightsaber, too.  When she realizes she has left both of the men in her life without any symbol of their manly ability to defend her, she sobs quietly and retreats to  Dagobah  for some introspection.  It is there, in the wet, dark cave that Yoda showed Luke, that she discovers that female  Jedi  were not meant to use a lightsaber on their own, but to recharge the lightsabers of other male  Jedi .  Her hands are too clumsy an outlet for such Force, and she must learn to focus her mouth, her tongue, and her throat toward producing... the Yodel of Life! 
 In every copy of the novel still in circulation, the pages that describe Leia's training are torn out or haphazardly glued together, possibly by overzealous fans, so, alas, we will never find out what exactly Leia must do to the lightsabers to recharge them.  All we learn is that "...it worked!  Oh, Leia, that's... amazing!"  Unfortunately, even the speaker's identity is unknown. 
 Nevertheless, we know that on applying her newly-discovered powers to Luke's and Han's lightsabers, they spring back to life, stronger than before and throbbing with  the Force , just in time for a fierce--and terribly-written--battle with a planet of  Amazon  female warriors and threaten the balance of the universe.  That battle is followed by another scene in which Leia insists on recharging Luke and Han's lightsabers, but, like the first one, this one is missing or  erratically  stuck together, so even if you had the desire to get that far into the book, you will never know how it ends. 
 
 
 
 A type of  code red  made famous by the film  Full Metal Jacket , using a weapon made famous by  Homey the Clown .  If you find yourself as the  guest of honor  at a sock party,  go limp  and try to  pass out --if you tense up, it will only hurt more, and leave bruises.  Explaining the bruises truthfully will earn you more unpleasantness. 
 For the uninitiated, a sock party is a  nocturnal   disciplinary   engagement  where all members of a given group punish  the weakest link  with a surprise "party" that wakes him from his sleep to the unpleasant sensation of being completely  immobile  during a beating.  Each team member takes as many swings at the victim as he or she feels are deserved with a  tube sock  filled with 
 five or six rolled up socks,
 a bar of soap,
 a tennis ball,
 a fistful of rice,
or
 whatever else is at hand  and essentially untraceable.  Before the beating begins, a blanket is pulled tight over the victim to immobilize him.
 
 The socks don't hurt much but can leave a bruise; the bar of soap can break small bones.  Do not undertake one of these lightly--a group of four or five people can put someone in the  hospital  with  internal injuries  in a few seconds. 
 
 
 
 Military   slang  for a severe form of  non-judicial   peer pressure , manifest physically, as described in  A Few Good Men .   Lance Corporal  Harold Dawson explains it in the stage play and film: 
 KAFFEE 
Harold, what's a
                      Code Red? 
 DAWSON 
                      Sir, a Code Red is a  disciplinary
                      engagement . 
 
                                  KAFFEE 
                      What does that mean, exactly? 
 
                                  DAWSON 
                      Sir, a  marine  falls out of line, it's up
                      to the men in his unit to get him back on
                      track. 
 
                                  KAFFEE 
                      What's a  garden variety  Code Red? 
 
                                  DAWSON 
 Sir ? 
 
                                  KAFFEE 
                      Harold,  you say sir and I turn around and
                      look for my father . Danny--Daniel-- Kaffee.
                       Garden variety ;  typical .  What's a basic
                      Code Red? 
  
                                  DAWSON 
                      Sir, a  marine  has refused to  bathe on a
                      regular basis . The men in his squad would
                      give him a  G.I.  shower. 
 
                                  KAFFEE 
                      What's  that ? 
 
                                  DAWSON 
                      Scrub brushes,  brillo  pads,  steel wool  ... 
 
 SAM 
 Beautiful . 
 
 A  code red  can occur in any  teamwork  situation where one member of the team is not  pulling his weight .  Another  canonical  example is the  sock party  the squad treats Private " Pyle " to in  Full Metal Jacket .  Even though the term originated in the  Marine s, it can be found throughout the  military , on  sports  teams, in  boarding school s, or anywhere else the fate of the group, regardless of the efforts of the others, can be ruined by one  ate up  individual. 
 
 
 
An  innocuous ly titled  ditty  by  The Arrogant Worms .  The tune is upbeat and cheery, and the lyrics are guaranteed to put a smile on your face.
 
 Billy  solves his problems by  calling up his Mom ; 
 Heather  solves her problems with  drugs and alcohol ; 
 Daniel  solves his problems with a  doctor  and the law;  
But Malcolm's got his own way and it's better than them all: 
 
Chorus:  
Malcolm  solves his problems with a chainsaw ; 
Malcolm solves his problems  with a chainsaw ; 
Malcolm solves his problems with a  chainsaw ; 
And he never has the same problem twice! 
 
Whether it's a  bill  or a  cheque  arriving late, 
 Rancid  marble cheese or a  steak  that's  second rate ,  
Awful TV programs or a broken  Elvis  plate, 
Or his  fiancee  who dumps him because he's gaining weight, 
 
Chorus 
 
...And he goes: 
 
 "AAAHHHHHRRRRRRRGGGGGGGHHHHHHH!!!!!! 
 ...problem solved." 
 
 
 
 This is a great tune by  Poe , that seems for some reason like it'd go really well with some sections of " House  of Leaves"--but it would also make nice background music for  Fight Club , or something to listen to while driving, recklessly, away from one's burning home for the last time, relishing the  blister  on one thumb where the match burned low. 
 At the beginning, the vocal track is pressed up to the front, almost unnaturally, as though the rest of the song were perpetually stuck in the  speaker s, but  poe 's vocals slipped through that mesh and are caught on it, buzzing like  The Fly .  The synthesized drums are  tight  but loose--the rhythm is a fast, shaken junkie slither, but as it staggers around with its mouth open, it catches all the acid rain, drop by drop, and turns it to  angst  and ass-kicking  groove .  It has an echo of techno, of dance, perhaps flavored by  The Chemical Brothers , but unique.  The bass and the guitar are like a pair of wolves circling before a fight, one a stocky, solid juggernaut , one lean and  lithe , but both moving with  adrenaline -soaked agility. 
 It all comes together.  The slowed down breaks with dripping samples are lulls in the action, a moment to wipe off the blood, when you know something is about to burst out and start the beat again...and it does.  If you put this song on while you play a  FPS , you will  spreem  anything that gets in your way, and anything that doesn't, and anything else that you manage to notice.
 
 
 My mother  spent 10 years sitting by a window 
Scared if she spoke she would die of a  heart attack 
She listened as her dreams silently screamed 
They drowned like little  dolphin s caught in a  fishnet 
 Dear world  i'm  pleased to meet you 
 
 {explosion} 
Hey everybody when you  walk the walk , 
you gotta back it all up you gotta  talk the talk . 
Hey everybody when I hear the knock, 
Don't wanna  measure out my life  to the tick of a clock. 
 
 {explosion} 
Hey everybody when  my daddy  died 
He had  a sad sad story  living in his eyes. 
Hey everybody when you walk the walk, 
You cannot  measure out your life to the tick of a clock . 
 
 I wanna walk to the  {{EXPLOSION}} beat of my own  drum 
 I wanna walk to the beat of my own drum 
 {{EXPLOSION}} ...walk to the beat of my own drum 
 I wanna walk to the beat of my own drum 
 
 Hey everybody when you walk the walk  You gotta back it all up, but can you talk the talk? 
Hey everybody when you hear the  knock ,  Don't wanna measure out my life to the tick of a clock 
 Hey every 
 Hey everybody... 
 Can you walk the walk? 
 
I wanna walk to the beat of my own drum 
I wanna walk to the beat of my own drum 
 
I wanna  walk 
 to the beat of my own drum 
I wanna  live 
 to the beat of my own drum 
I wanna  laugh 
 to the beat of my own drum 
I wanna  hang ten 
  "Hi!"  Say, "pleased to meet you." 
 
 Take  to the beat of my own drum, 
 Give  to the beat of my own drum, 
 
 I wanna fly, cry, 
 win ,   lose ,   live ,  die , 
 :take5: 
 Pleased to meet you . 
 
My daddy spent 10 years living  on the outside looking in 
He thought that he would  never get back 
Watched his dream walk across a  silver screen 
And he was standing there when the  theatre  went pitch black 
 Dear world  i'm  pleased to meet you 

Hey everybody when I walk the walk 
I gotta back it all up I gotta talk the talk 
Hey everybody when I hear the knock 
Don't wanna measure out my life to the tick of a clock 
 
Hey every{ 
 Hey every{ 
  Hey every{ 
   Hey every{body:  Can you walk the walk? } } } } 
 
 
I wanna walk to the beat of my own drum 
I wanna walk to the beat of my own drum 
I wanna walk to the beat of my own drum 
I wanna walk to the beat of my own drum 
 
I wanna  pray 
 to the beat of my own drum 
I wanna  sing 
 to the beat of my own drum 
I wanna  play 
 to the beat of my own drum 
I wanna  hang ten 
  "Hi!"  Say, "pleased to meet you." 
 
... screw up ! to the beat of my own drum 
I wanna  take it out of town and do it  to my drum 
 
 Scream   shout 
Night  out 
Win  lose 
 wipe out : 
Make love to my baby... 
Make love to my baby... 
 Father : It's a wonderful idea,   but it doesn't work. 
 
My 
own  
drum/*-*/my 
 own 
 beat 
 
Hey did you ever get the feeling that  it's really a joke ? 
You think you've got it figured out, and then you find that you don't, 
so you say  goodbye to the world  and now you're floating in space, 
You got no sense of nothing not even a time or a place 
Then suddenly you hear it: it's the beat of your heart 
 And for the first time in your life you know your life is about to start. 
 
 
 I wanna walk to the beat of my own drum . 
 
{{there's someone knocking in the wall / would you like an echo? / bada bada ba,,,.?}} 
 
 
 
 A song by  eddie from ohio , off their 1993 album  actually not , Sahara is about  Chris McCandless  and how reality never quite matches a dream.   Chris McCandless ' life was documented in  John Krakauer 's nonfiction book  Into the Wild , which describes Chris' departure from home and attempt to  rough it  in the Alaskan wilderness.  He figured he'd be   self-sufficient , but he starved to death.  The tragedy of someone so young and so idealistic dying--and in such a slow, agonizing way,  realizing  he was starving to death, and unable to leave--works its way into the sad harmonies in the chorus and the wistful, far-off echo of the higher  guitar  strings. 
 
 Chris  was no philosopher, 
he was an ordinary man, 
24 and running out of room, 
A  rifle  and a  pack 
and a sack of  rice  on his back. 
Guided by  Tolstoy  and  the moon , 
into the  Yukon  he would go, 
in search of a  higher truth . 
 Christopher  would make a break with this world, 
but he never escaped his youth. 
 chorus 
 Sahara  will never be the south of  France --Obvious, with the  rising sun . 
If I had no home, I'd build one in the sand; 
If I didn't I have a  love , I'd find me one. 
If I didn't I have a  love , I'd find me one. I'd find me one. 
Four months alone in the ice and snow, 
is a long way from  Annandale . 
Locals and trappers and  eskimo s 
knew better than to trust that trail. 
At one with the earth he loved so well, 
a retreat from the civilized, 
 hunger  and emptiness took their toll: 
Chris McCandless passed us by. 
 
 chorus twice 
 
 
 
 If you were to absolutely quantify why the Brooklyn Bridge makes all the lists as "a  modern wonder of the world ", you’d be hard-pressed to call it a truly modern wonder.  In today’s world of well-known  material characteristics  and  computer-aided engineering , exotic and precisely mixed  steel s have expanded bridges well beyond the scale of the  Brooklyn .  Stone is simply not used to build bridges anymore, and  bulldozer s have replaced the slower teams of men with  pickaxe s.  Computer modeling would ensure that a bridge on Brooklyn’s scale could stand long before the first  caisson  was built, and as for organizing such a massive effort without computerized  spreadsheet s, no one person would ever be able to do it. ...Except that a hundred years before computers, decades before  internal combustion , one man  did  do it, and the results still stand today.  The brilliance of the Brooklyn Bridge lies in that same inspiring quality which allowed the pyramids to be built.  Both monuments—both wonders—are testaments to a man’s ability to rise above the supposed limits of the day, to motivate staggering numbers of other men in a project that seems preposterous on paper (or  papyrus ).  The Brooklyn Bridge is really the first of the modern wonders, the granddaddy of them all, and the first tangible evidence that the next hundred and thirty years would be full of sweeping changes. 
 At the beginning of 1869,  Thomas Edison  was soon to set up shop in  Menlo Park  and alter the face of the world with his inventions.   The Civil War  was over, and the country was still dealing with the massive losses that had occurred as battlefield technology developed more quickly than the  tactics  of the day.  Everything that happened in the years leading up to the  twentieth century  was just like that: technology had advanced so quickly in the first stirrings of the  Industrial Revolution  that nobody was certain yet what new creations were possible.   Engineer s who didn’t lose their heads in the dizzying expansion, however, could be relied upon to make sound guesses using tried-and true principles, and design (based on those guesses) impressive examples of man’s newfound powers. The elder Roebling,  John , designed the Brooklyn Bridge with a  safety factor  of six.  From an engineering perspective, this is a conservative and perfectly reasonable thing to do.  In the modern world, safety factors are more and more often between one and two, as materials are better known and the mechanics of a design are more apt to be similar to those of an existing design.  At the time, however, one bridge in four was failing because engineers were being too bold with assumptions about material strengths,  scalability , and technology.   John Roebling ’s commitment to the bridge’s safety and permanence is similar to the obsessive perfection with which the ancient  Egyptians  sighted the square corners of their  pyramids .  
Of course, nobody can know if the  pharaoh s themselves were concerned with the details of the pyramids to the degree that the Roeblings were involved in the Brooklyn Bridge.  The fact that the pharaohs would eventually become a permanent part of their engineering masterpieces is the only evidence that they could have possibly been as committed as their modern counterparts.  Even a man revered as a god would have a hard time living up to the standards that both Roeblings set for themselves.  Perhaps their  stoicism , or  heroism , or  perfectionism , or whatever you choose to call it, is part of what makes the bridge a wonder: it is amazing that two men, father and son, bent steel and human will to this project with such fanatical dedication almost irrespective of the other’s accomplishment. 
John was indeed as eager to see the bridge built as his son, and as demanding about the perfect execution of such a grand work that only death (and that, most grudgingly) could stop his work on it.  He drew the plans up in three months.  " Drew "--by hand, on paper, including, according to McCullough, " survey s...  sounding s...  cost estimate s, and a written  proposal , nearly fourteen thousand words in all."  Even today, for an engineer with modern word- and image-processing  software , and access to limitless information, drawing up complete plans for a  civil engineering  project on that scale would be simply absurd, given any time limit--one man could not handle it today.  Even in the accident that led to his death, the elder Roebling’s  sense of duty  was crystal perfect; historian  David McCullough  reminds us that "he gave no sign of his  excruciating pain .  He went right on shouting directions until he toppled over, unable to stand any longer."  The  anecdote  is typical of John Roebling, but can also be taken as a metaphor for his life, as well as the life and work of his son. 
 The younger Roebling , upon taking over the project, was, like his father, a classic  perfectionist  and  micromanager .  Certain of his father’s  vision  as if it were his own, Washington nevertheless checked every last detail himself, or had a trusted associate check for him.  He strove to realize his father’s  ideal  to a degree that was unhealthy for him, and he was eventually rendered  invalid  by the long-term effects of working double and  triple shift s in hazardous working environments checking on the project’s  minutiae .  The story of the Brooklyn Bridge is also the story of how  Washington Roebling  poured everything he had into it, overcoming obstacles like the deception and outright sabotage of a Mr. Haigh, whose inclusion of flawed steel would have destroyed a modern (safety factor of ~2) bridge.  Indeed,  Colonel  Roebling poured his life into the bridge, and didn’t regret anything except the fact that he was less and less able to personally oversee the construction.  Like his father, he would have been content to shout directions until he could stand no longer. Fortunately, he was alive to see the completion of the bridge, and participate in the  opening ceremonies .  It isn’t really any wonder that  Americans  had difficulty separating the two Roeblings in their minds.  Father and son were both a little  insane  about the bridge, both  fervent  and faithful managers who placed a high value on  integrity  and  leadership by example , both the sort of men who America always takes as heroes. 
The Brooklyn Bridge is a  wonder  for three reasons.  First, it is a management and leadership feat equal to the pyramids and surpassing many of the modern projects that dwarf it in physical scale.  Second, it broke new ground at a critical moment in history, showing the world the true scale on which modern engineering miracles could be performed, if there were people willing to make it happen.  Finally, the Brooklyn Bridge inherited personality from her designers, the Roeblings, and became a monument to their passion for magnificence: anything less than the Brooklyn Bridge wouldn’t have been a fitting testimony to the greatness of the engineering minds of the day.
 
 
 
 
 Writer :  Neil Gaiman 
 Penciller :  Jill Thompson 
 Inker s:  Vince Locke ,  Dick Giordano 
 Letterer : Todd Klein 
 Colorist : Daniel Vozzo  
Covers:  Dave Mc Kean  
Foreword:  Neil Gaiman  
Afterword:  Peter Straub 
 
 Previously published in single magazine issues as  Sandman  #41-49,  Brief Lives  covers  Delirium 's search for her  prodigal  older brother, and the reactions of the rest of the  Endless  to her quest.  It includes the following chapters: 
 Blossom for a Lady , in which  Delirium  is smitten by a desire to find her missing brother.  Her twin sisters  Despair  and  Desire  both refuse to help,  Desire  out of selfishness,  Despair  for less obvious reasons.   Despair  recalls their brother fondly, and recollects a conversation with him about whether things always change, or never.
 It Always Rains on the Unloved , in which  Delirium  enters  the Dreaming  to ask  Dream  to help find their  missing brother .  He agrees to help, but not because he thinks they will succeed; rather, because he thinks it will be a pleasant diversion.   Dream  asks,  rhetorically , " What could possibly go wrong? "
 The People Who Remember Atlantis , in which  Dream  and  Delirium  make travel arrangements, and in which several persons who know  their brother 's whereabouts are harmed or killed.  It would seem prudent to go into hiding.   Dream  recalls a conversation with his brother about  Isaac Newton ,  Opticks , and  reason .   Dream 's brother asserts that "times are changing."
 The Other Side of the Sky , in which the siblings continue their search, and in which more  destruction  befalls their journey.   Delirium  gets to drive.
 The Things We Do To Be Loved , in  Matthew the Raven  gives  Delirium   Drivers' Ed .   Dream  takes them to visit a  strip club  where one of the dancers used to be  romantically involved  with their brother.   Desire  notes that some people aren't smart enough to come in out of the rain.
 Life Isn't Pleasant, Petrified , in which  Dream  calls off the search after the destruction of the strip club.   Delirium   petulant ly  sulk s--this search was not just a  flight of fancy  for her; she genuinely wanted to see her brother again.  Checking with  Bast  and  Lucien ,  Dream  finds no further clue to  Destruction 's whereabouts.   Death  attempts to check a book out of  Lucien 's library, and convinces  Dream  to pick up the scent for the sake of their little sister.
 Cooking Considered as One of the Fine Arts , in which  Dream  and  Delirium  consult  Destiny  on how to proceed with the search.   Destiny  reminds  Dream  that there is an  oracle  who is "of the family," and suggests that if he is willing, the answer is to be found there.   Delirium , here eyes the same color for once, reminds  Destiny  that " coins have two sides ".   Dream  consults  the oracle .
 Journey's End , in which  Dream  and  Delirium  are reunited with  Destruction .  Over dinner, they discuss  Delirium 's eyes,  Destruction 's talent in the creative arts,  Dream 's ability to delude himself, and the quirks of the other  Endless .   Destruction  recalls a conversation in which  Death  asserted that "everyone can know everything that  Destiny  knows.  And more."   Destruction  retires,  Delirium  gets a pet.
 Farewells , in which  Dream  pays the oracle's price, oversteps his bounds for a moment, and a new flower is created.   Delirium  thanks  Dream  for his help.   Desire  gets what  Desire  wanted, and retreats to the eyes of hir domain to wonder why s/he isn't ecstatic--perhaps wanting is better than having.   A beautiful day .  
 
 with gratitude to Ralf Hildebrant's excellent annotated  Sandman  site 
 
 
 
 1977 :  Stephen King  publishes  Rage  under the  nom de plume  of  Richard Bachman .  In this intense short story, a student who is not among the  popular  kids, and who has a less-than- idyllic  home life, brings his father's  handgun  to school and kills a teacher and (I believe) one other student.  The year 1977 is remarkable for two reasons: first, none of the students who have participated in the  sensationalistic   copycat  killings were alive in 1977; second, despite the fact that the book sold hundreds of thousands of copies, and the plot read like a  HOWTO  on  school shooting s,  no school shootings were reported in 1977 .
 
 
 
 Another great tune by  eddie from ohio , it manages to turn  Antony and Cleopatra 's story into a  blues -filled vein, pumping so fast you have to tap your feet, with a squealing  asp  of a  harmonica  against it for  local color .  Julie's voice cuts through the melody line like a well swung  sickle , and the backup vocals from Eddie, Mike, and Robbie make the  chorus  and the  mantra  at the end a  campfire  chant, a  ritual , a steel  gas pedal  on a '64  Chevy  beater with  Memphis  tags. 
 It appears on their studio album  A Juggler on his Blades , and also in an intense live  jam  version on  Portable EFO Show  which blends in the old  Buddy Holly  tune  Not Fade Away  and an extended  mantra  at the end.  The only thing you could do to make this song  not  rock would be to  not  play it. 
 
 Lyrics: 
 Cleo  wrote to  Tony : 
 "Now pull me from this  hell ! 
I'll  hock  all of my precious jewels 
and find a  cheap motel . 
 There's only room for you and me , 
the only two who care. 
 Egyptians  and  Centurions  could kill this  perfect pair ." 
 CHORUS : 
"Who's watching the  Nile ?" 
 "How far can it be?" 
"Not more than a mile, 
 'til both of us are free! 
We'll fool them at the  border , 
 we'll tell them that we're lost; 
if  bribes  are what they order, 
 we'll pay them what it costs." 
 
 Tony  wrote to  Cleo : 
 "Now, don't you sell no  ring ! I know this perfect getaway 
just outside  Peking . We might stick out a little... 
let's hope that they won't stare.   Chinamen  and  Asians  won't kill this  perfect pair ." 
 CHORUS 
 
 Tony  picked up  Cleo ; 
He heard someone yell, "Seezur!" (seezur.) 
 Now how you think he means that? 
You think, as in,  "to  seize  her" ? 
or is it one's  perception , 
and how some  Pharaoh   sees her ? 
Turns out a  passerby  confused 
 Tony  for  Julius  Caesar ! 
 
 CHORUS 
 
 We'll leave this  misery , and both of us are  free . 
 We'll leave this  misery , and both of us are  free . 
 We'll leave this  misery , and both of us are  free . 
 We'll leave this  misery , and both of us are  free . 
 
 
 
 The  Metric System  is Dead! 
 
 Why bother with  meter s,  second s,  gram s, and  Celsius ?   Everything  you need to measure all physical quantities is right there on your kitchen table.   That's right: it's time to recognize the most superior  measurement  system ever created:  Cookie Internationale .   SI  and  metric  are great when you need  precision , but what's  precision  without  accuracy ?  That's where  CI  comes in.  Instead of: 
7.99993 x 10 -7   meter s, try 
 
" smaller than a cookie ." 
 It should become immediately apparent that the  Cookie  should replace the  meter --the  speed  and accuracy with which one can measure are a  quantum leap  ahead of conventional  European  methods!  But the  cookie  has even more tricks up its  metaphorical  sleeve.  You can forget compound units!  Speed isn't "cookies per second"--it's simply "faster/slower than a cookie."  Density is no longer "grams per cubic meter," and doesn't even convert to "cookies per cubic cookie": it's simply "greater/lesser than a cookie"!  Starting to get the pattern?  Great!  Let's try a  gedankenexperiment . A nice cold  beer , served to you in any bar in the world, can be measured as: 
 more  volumetric  than a cookie
 less dense than a cookie
 more  translucent  than a cookie -- or, for  Guinness , less  translucent  than a cookie
 colder than a cookie
 more  surface area  than a cookie
 more mass than a cookie
 more expensive than a cookie
 
 And when one drops a cookie, with the flat side down, from a height of one cookie, one gets the time unit "cookie", as well as measurements of velocity and acceleration ("cookie" and "cookie",  respectively ) which allows one to measure the beer in question even further:
 less velocity than a cookie, in all directions
 equal acceleration to a cookie
 time to drink said beer: greater than a cookie
 and on, and on, and on!
 
 This measurement system doesn't offer the  cold comfort  of  precision , but it gives you truly  binary  accuracy!  A measurement can be proven true or false-- often without even having a standard cookie on-hand --in a matter of cookies.  What could be easier?   Scientist s will save  million s of cookies in research funding, previously wasted on machines that measured the outcome of their experiments in  arbitrary  units tied to silly, difficult-to-measure things like the  Xenon  atom, or  air pressure  at  sea level !  Why measure  tire pressure  in  atmosphere s?  Your tire needs to be filled with a volume of air greater than a cookie; the tire needs to be able to support a weight greater than a cookie without deflecting more than a cookie!  Do you think I went out to my car to  measure ?  Of course not!  My car is farther away than a cookie, and it would take me longer than a cookie to go out and measure! 
 Switch to Cookie Internationale today, and never worry about accurate measurements again! 
 
 By way of explanation, this system of units was devised by a  high school  roommate of mine who went on to become a  math major .  The  Standard Cookie  was a  generic  branded  Chips Ahoy!  clone, served every  Wednesday  night at  St. Andrew's  by one's dorm parents.  He picked the  Standard Cookie  for its exceedingly round shape, its uniform density, and its lack of crumbs--after all, if the cookie's mass changed, it wouldn't be  standardized !  He wrapped it in clear plastic and thumb tacked it to his  bulletin board .  He briefly considered mailing the  standard cookie  to  Switzerland , where the  meter ,  angstrom , and  hogshead  are kept, but realized that those  Philistine s would never realize the genius of such a simple system. 
 
 
 
Too early, still, to be thinking of warm lamps, 
but late enough that the east windows reflected 
 dragon s in violet clouds, whose dim red fire 
threw my pencil’s  silhouette  over camps 
of  equations .  Scribbled pencil marks connected 
jumbled numbers like poorly soldered wire. 
 
Later on, the lamp would fill the room: 
 any light’s enough, once the sun is forgotten . 
Dusk divided the blue slowly away— 
I would do my math until my folks got home, 
hating every half-right answer I’d gotten— 
dinnertime passed silently.  The remainder was gray . 
 
The soft light leaked away as sunset fell. 
The next-house-over’s shadow quietly receded 
like a  black snake  into a bird’s nest, easing 
along so slowly as to appear still.  I could tell 
the lamp in the corner had conceded 
defeat.  The stars winked on in place, freezing. 
 
I’d finish with the math later, or it with me. 
The silence in the room erased my breathing. 
Colder than the air, it grew possessive. 
The garage door’s grinding motor set me free 
from  dusk ’s depressing prison, and left my chest heaving, 
the shock of noise deafening, impressive. 
 
The car door slammed, dad’s footsteps on the stairs 
resounded through his house where they belonged. 
The darkness at the windows became black. 
The lamp was bright enough, now, and the air 
was fit for human lungs to breathe.  The  long 
division  solved itself.  Night had come back. 
 
 --Jurph 
 
 
 
 n.   slang, exclamation 
 Onamotapoetic  word describing the wet, juicy sound of someone or something getting  gib bed, typically with a quiet or silent weapon in a  FPS  game, so that all one hears is the sound of  blood pressure  equalizing with  atmospheric  pressure instantly.  Also used in  RPG s and  RTS s to denote the death of something horribly undermatched for the weapon used against it.  The key items are the presence of  viscera  or  gore , and nearly instant  fatal   trauma .  Things that go "sputch": 
 getting run over by a  steamroller 
 taking a  rifle grenade  to the throat
 edge of a  broadsword  in the  skull 
 falling in front of a  locomotive 
 a  grizzly bear  takes your head off with one swipe of his big, cute, furry paw
 silenced  sniper  bullet,  in one ear and out the other 
 certain forms of  splash damage , e.g., from a  rocket launcher 
 
 Things that do not go "sputch":
 getting run over by a  Vespa  (even repeatedly)
 taking a  Louisville Slugger  to the throat
 flat of a broadsword to the skull (exception: swung by a  Hill Giant )
 falling in front of a  cute girl  (exception: into the  Grand Canyon )
 you take off the head of a  Gummi Bear  with one swipe of your big, cute, furry paw
 mom's advice, in one ear and out the other
 certain forms of non-splash damage, e.g., from a rocket launcher
 
 This may vary wildly from situation to situation.  For example, in an  RTS  game, one might have a unit or  tactic  which levels the enemy's  population center  in a matter of moments.  This can, given the right amount of surprise, be considered worthy of hollering out "sputch!"  In a  FPS , if one is killing frequently and with little effort, as though crushing  ant s between one's fingers, that may also merit a "sputch,"  even if the weapon of choice isn't making the appropriate sound .  Occasionally appropriate while watching  football . 
 
 "You are confronted by three  Kobold s, and they look hungry." 
"I cast  Fireball  at the one in front as soon as he steps in the puddle of lamp-oil." 
"Roll damage, please." 
"Let's see... 8 d6  plus, um, how much for the oil?" 
"4 d12 ." 
"They take... 92 damage... each." 
" Sputch! " 
 
 
 
 v.   (slang) To  obliterate , to  frag , to  gib , to  sputch .  From " supreme ",  e.g.  "He got supremely  fucked up ," evolved to "He got spreemed."  Most appropriate to  FPS  games or the use of  firearm s, when all that's left of the spreemee are little bits.  Applicable to any large amount of destruction that takes place over a short period of time, i.e., massive  downvoting . 
 "Writing a  GTKY  node is like running from the  LAPD  into a  crack house ; not only do you get  spreemed , but everyone else who posted there  gets a piece !" 
 
 
 
 
Ready today and preparing for tomorrow, the U.S. Pacific Command enhances security and promotes peaceful development in the  Asia - Pacific  region by  deterring aggression , responding to crises and  fighting to win . 
 -- Mission Statement , U.S.  Pacific  Command 
 
 The  military   shorthand  for U.S. Pacific Command.  Occasionally shortened to just "PACOM," pronounced "Pack-ahm".  USPACOM is one of America's  joint command s, defined geographically rather than functionally.  It is the largest of the  geographical commands , covering over 50% of the  earth 's surface and claiming 60% of the world's population in its  Area of Responsibility .  It extends from the  west coast  of America to the  east coast  of Africa, excluding waters north of 5° south and west of 68° east, from the  Arctic  to the  Antarctic .  PACOM's AOR also encloses the world's six largest armed forces:  People's Republic of China ,  United States of America ,  Russia ,  India ,  Democratic People's Republic of Korea , and  Republic of Korea . 
 As a  joint  command, PACOM is responsible for the  Army ,  Navy ,  Air Force , and  Marine  operations in their AOR: 300,000 people, approximately 20% of all American  active duty   military  personnel.  This includes bases in  Japan ,  South Korea ,  Hawai'i ,  Alaska , and throughout the  Pacific Ocean . 
 Because PACOM's AOR includes  Madagascar , they are America's only joint command responsible for wild  lemur s. 
 
 
 
 "To  deter   military  attack on  the United States  and its allies, and should  deterrence  fail,  employ forces  so as to accomplish national objectives. 
 -- Mission statement , United States  Strategic  Command 
 ~~~~~~~~~~~~~ "Delivered hot and fresh to your door in 30 minutes or less, or the next one's free." 
 -- Minuteman III  Silo Officers' Unofficial Motto 
 
 USSTRATCOM is the  military   abbreviation  for one of America's  joint command s.  Not surprisingly, the long form is "United States Strategic Command".  It refers, variously, to the people who make up USSTRATCOM, the  commander  of USSTRATCOM, or the headquarters of USSTRATCOM.  As for the people who make up USSTRATCOM's forces, their responsibilities include:
 Providing  intelligence  on countries and other entities possessing or seeking  weapons of mass destruction , 
      Providing support to other combatant command commanders, 
      Developing a  Single Integrated Operational Plan  that fully satisfies national guidance,
      Monitoring the readiness of  SIOP  committed forces, and 
      Commanding, controlling and employing assigned forces.
 They (but more accurately the  commander  of USSTRATCOM, but ultimately the  President ) have control of all three legs of America's  nuclear triad :  ICBM s,  SLBM s, and  strategic  bomber forces--mostly  B-52 s and  B-2 s.  Before we ever had a triad, they were called  SAC , and were featured prominently in  Stanley Kubrick 's film " Dr. Strangelove, or How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb ".  SAC's headquarters was  Offutt AFB , in  Omaha , until June 1, 1992, when SAC ceased to exist; SAC became USSTRATCOM, and SAC  headquarters  became  HQ :USSTRATCOM.  Because USSTRATCOM is a  joint  command, they also have members in the  Navy ,  Army , and  Marines , as well as holdouts from the  Air Force 's  SAC  days, all of whom work in pefect  harmony  to ensure strategic stability.  Which is to say, they plan out  nuclear war  like other people plan  chess , and have a  strategy  for almost every possible eventuality involving the exchange of nuclear weapons.  They would, like most of us, prefer that those plans go unused for perpetuity, but they keep them around and practice  nuclear war  on a regular basis, so they'll have their  game face  on "if or when." 
 Free public tours of USSTRATCOM's  Command Center  are available Tuesdays, Thursdays, and alternate Saturdays, and are quite cool.  Honestly--when's the last time you got to see where  Armageddon  is going to start,  and  sit it the comfiest chairs  your tax dollars  can buy? No, the  WOPR  is not there, and no, you can't dial in on a  modem  and play  WarGames , and yes, that "30 minutes" quote is painted on the blast doors in a big  mural .  Any  other  questions? 
 
 
 
 is not as difficult as you might think. 
 Sure, people say they'll make you  eat your words , but your approach should be one of  possibilities , of  acceptance , of clear-minded  Nirvana .  The old joke goes:
 "How do you eat an  elephant ?" "One bite at a time!" 
and it's not so  far-fetched .  For example, I would start with "an," and move carefully onto " elephant ".  Because " an " is less frequently used than " a ", it tends to taste sour, or stale--like " mold " and " bitter "  taste, if you've tried them.  After that, you should take a breath--sure, the space isn't a word, but if you're eating "an elephant," the space is there, and must be consumed.
 It's your decision, after that stale tasting "an", what you want to bite into next.  A pro can just wolf down " elephant ", but if I were you, I'd try making " Ella " or " fun " my next bite.  Not surprisingly, "Ella" tastes like  Creole  cooking, like  greasy spoon  food at  three a.m. , like  New Orleans  and  Chicago  and  Jazz  and  silk  and  singing .  If you're a true  conoisseur , you'll detect an aftertaste of a  happy ending , which is to be expected--you're having the  last half  of " Cinderella "!   Of course  it will taste good. 
 After that, you'd think " Fun " would be no problem, but " fun " is found in " fungus " and " Funnel " and " Funk ", so you must be careful not to think about " Gus "--it will ruin the entire experience.  After the  heady  taste of  Ella , I'd be shocked if you wanted to barge straightaway into " Fun ", anyway.  It's tough, but if you've trained well, you will swallow it with  aplomb --no, the act of swallowing will be done with the emotion of  aplomb !  You don't want to actually swallow " Fun " with " Aplomb "--the anagrams alone would give you stomach cramps--" Mob ", " Flu ", and " Pan "... all at once?  You're definitely not  that  advanced.  Where was I? 
 Ah, yes.  When you've eaten "An", "Ella", and "Fun", all you have left is " T ".  Which shows good planning, because it will clearly settle your tummy.  That's what " tea " is good for!  Just don't drink it with haste, or you'll end up mixed up, and you could swallow " Theta " along with the " sea ", which is bound to give anyone pause-- Greek  food is bad enough without a mouthful of  salt water . 
 Now, for longer phrases, I'd build up.  To avoid pain, one might think starting small is a good idea, but actually, there are some bigger words that are good to begin with.  First off, any noun that describes a food you enjoy--" chocolate ", " marzipan ", " caramel "--is great, and will build your tolerance; the taste is exactly what one might expect.  Some words I ate, when I was first learning to eat words painlessly, were 
 acetaminophen  - very filling, but painless
 morphine  - I always seemed to want more...
 hug  - one of my favorites, second only to 
 kiss ; but while we're talking harmless, try eating
 cock  -- Yes, "cock"!   Eating "cock" isn't so bad... it tastes like chicken .
 
 Anyhow, you should get the idea.  Once you're further along, try eating " vinegar " (the best you can do is " vine " and " Grrrr "), or even " cyanide " (" sigh ", " an ", and " eyed " is the best way to go on this one).  I'm sure you get the point. 
 But Remember:  the best policy is to watch what you say.  You never know when you'll have to eat your words, and even if you start training today, there are some things that are better never uttered, the eating is so painful.  Good luck, and  eat well ! 
 
 
 
 A sad song about a woman breaking a man's heart, written by Will Holt, but made famous by  The Kingston Trio ,  Peter, Paul and Mary , or by  Soul Coughing  depending when you were born.  The Kingston Trio and Peter, Paul, and Mary each recorded a  cover  of the song.   M. Doughty  had a nervous female friend sing the chorus into an  answering machine  at the beginning of his forlorn  love song   Janine . 
 
 When I was just a lad of ten my father said to me, 
"Come here and take a lesson from the lovely lemon tree. 
 Don't put your faith in love  my boy," my father said to me, 
"I fear you'll find that love is like the lovely lemon tree:" 
 -=%chorus%=- 
The  lemon  tree is very pretty, 
and the  lemon flower  is sweet, 
but the fruit of the poor lemon 
is impossible to eat. 
 One day beneath the lemon tree my love and I did  lie -- 
A girl so sweet that when she  smile d the  star s rose in the sky. 
We passed that summer lost  in love  beneath the lemon tree. 
 The music of her laughter  hid my father's words from me: 
 chorus 
 One day she left without a word, she took away the sun. 
And in the  dark  she'd left behind I knew  what she had done : 
She'd  left me for another , it's a common tale but true. 
A sadder man, but wiser now, I sing these words to you: 
 chorus chorus, and out 
 
 
 
A joke, which I had heard before, couched in a cute but  haunting  chorus, set to the repetitive strumming of  Liz Phair  and her pleasant singing and chatting.
 
{Spoken}:  
Okay,  this guy walks into a bar -- 
No, I'm just fucking with you, I'm kidding. 
See, there's this young  bull  and this old bull  
and they're standing on top of a hill... 
 
 CHORUS 
And I tried 
to tell you before, 
that that's why 
I left  California . 
 

So they're standing on top of this hill, right? 
...and they're looking out over a pasture fulla cows-- 
 whole fuckin  pasture -- 
and the young bull turns to the old bull and he goes, 
"I got this really  good idea ," 
 and the old bull's like, 
"Yeah?" 
 
 CHORUS 
 
"Yeah," 
he's like, 
"Yeah, I got this really good idea: 
let's run down this hill and  fuck  one of those cows." 
And the old bull just looks at him, y'know, he's just looking at him, and he's like,  "Look, I got a better idea," and the young bull's like, 
"Yeah?  What's your  fucking brilliant idea ?" 
And the old bull goes, 
 
CHORUS 
 
The old bull goes, 
"Let's  walk  down that hill, and fuck  all  of those cows. 
 Dig? " 
 
Y'know, like he ain't been in town long or something, right?
 
CHORUS
 
 
 
 Okay, you caught me.  There's no such thing.  After the  electronica -influenced backlash against the backlash against the  Ska / Weird Al Yankovich / Led Zeppelin   backlash , the  second wave  of  Neo - cryptofascist   hip-hop   punk  received  accolades  from  Rolling Stone  magazine when  MTV  determined that this was a marketable  niche , and the entire  zine   subculture  immediately decried it as "not alienated enough."  For example, one review from " This Zine Is So Post-Hip It Doesn't Have A Title " stated simply that  "The  third wave  will happen, but it will be a marketing ploy, a  juggernaut  of  boy band s and other  shite  on the scale of  Elvis  and  The Beatles .  And just like those  dinosaur s of sell-out  crapulence , it deserves to be buried." 
 So, there was no third wave.  Some people claimed that  eddie from ohio  accidentally recorded one track that fits in this genre when their soundboard introduced  harmonic   feedback  into one track.  The resulting noise definitely had  street cred , but because they only released it on  vinyl , they were accused by the  real  fans as "post-sellout vinyl  elitist   wannabe s," and their record only sold two or three hundred thousand copies.  Because it didn't acheive the  pinnacle  of  elitist  musical  sub-sub-sub-genre-fication , selling less than 10,000 copies, it was deemed  crap  by those " in the know ". 
 
 But seriously folks .  When arguing about your music becomes more important to you than listening to your music, you need to sit down, watch  High Fidelity , and  get a life .  Just because other people enjoy the music you enjoy doesn't change the validity of the music or the earnestness of the artist.  And I hate to burst your bubble, but the artists who aren't in it for the money don't give a  flying squirrel  if you think they've  sold out  or  transcend ed a genre or broken into a whole  new paradigm .  They're just making music that they like.  Remember that next time you use the prefix "post-" or "neo-" to describe someone else's  enjoyable   hobby . 
 
 
 
 "Hi, I'm  superorder   Allotheria !   You may remember me from such roles as  Dead Uncle  in  TMBG 's song  Mammal , or  Unknown  Fossil  #4  in the  Museum of Natural History ..." 
 
 The Allotheria were one of the most successful groups of  Mammal s ever, but if you're not a  They Might Be Giants  fan, a  natural history  buff, or a  Jeopardy!  five-time champion, you've probably never heard of them.  Their  fossil record  extends back into the  Jurassic , over 160 million years ago--which is not to say they weren't around sooner--and they survived the  K-T extinction .  Their defining features were their teeth.  The most recognizable was the greatly enlarged,  serrated   premolar , which was long and flat like the blade of a  steak knife .  But it is because of their  molar s with multiple cusps that some allotheria are defined separately from all other mammals as  multituberculate s.  Other distinguishing features include a  parafibula  bone, a trait shared with  monotreme s. 
 After the  K-T extinction , Allotheria (primarily the  mulittuberculata ) exploded onto the scene, growing to the size of  beaver s.  They were the first group of mammals to specialize by living in trees (think  sloth s and  squirrel s), and the only  Mesozoic  mammals to survive the  K-T extinction .  Sadly, their own  extinction  is linked to the origin of  rodents , a closely related member of the mammal family.  Those dirty rats... 
 
 
 
 A  cheery  little song with a vaguely  Caribbean  beat (a  samba ?), sung by  Anne Murray  on her children's album of the same name.  I had it on  vinyl , and one of the  reasons vinyl is better than CDs  is that there is no "repeat" function on  record player s.  Children, myself included, love repetition, especially when something is  silly , or has a  catchy  tune.  Children, myself included, love repetition, especially when something is  silly , or has a  catchy  tune.  This has silly lyrics that kids pick up very quickly, a  toe-tapping  melody, and a great sing-along chorus... it is so  addictive  even at the ripe age of 22 that I tracked it down on  Napster  just so I could have an  MP3  of it. 
 The chorus is a short run of  tall tales  that a child would tell: a  dragon  here, a  grizzly  there, and you'd better come quick because we all know something this fantastic can't last.  The two verses are from the parent's perspective and are relatively content-free -- The kid tells tall tales, who am I to question them, and so forth -- with one important exception.  In my opinion (then and now) the song reaches its humor pinnacle with the line "if there's dragons in this neighborhood, then we're gonna leave."  Play the song for your kid and maybe they'll love it; maybe you'll get asked to play it  again .  It's pretty much fluff with a catchy tune, but maybe  They Might Be Giants  will do a cover of it and breathe some fire back into it. 
 I would also like to apologize to my parents for all the times I pulled them away from reality to tell them there was a  hippo  in  our  bathtub, and thank them for coming to check every time anyway. 
 
"Hey,  daddy , there's a  dragon  in the  driveway ! 
Momma, there's a  grizzly  on the lawn! 
You better come quick, 'cause there's a  hippo  in the  bathtub , 
and he's going down the drain--Oh, no!--he's gone." 
 
Well the minds of little children, 
they go round and round and round, 
hearin' the  giants' footsteps 
when I never hear a sound. 
 
I just hear, 
"Hey,  daddy , there's a  dragon  in the  driveway ! 
Momma, there's a  grizzly  on the lawn! 
You better come quick, 'cause there's a  hippo  in the  bathtub , 
and he's going down the drain--Oh, no!--he's gone." 
 
Well, you never know if they really saw 
all the things they'd have you believe, 
but if there's  dragons  in this neighborhood, 
then we're gonna leave, 
 
singin', "Hey,  daddy , there's a  dragon  in the  driveway ! 
Momma, there's a  grizzly  on the lawn! 
You better come quick, 'cause there's a  hippo  in the  bathtub , 
and he's going down the drain--Oh, no!--he's gone." 
 
 
 
 
 An  idiom  that means, ostensibly, an  untruth  with no hair on its  face , and refers to a particularly  egregious  lie.  As amusing as this  mental image  is, it's incorrect.  Well, I shouldn't say that--after all,  usage determines meaning --but it's not the original intent of the phrase.  The original phrase was " bold-faced lie ."  Before you picture a lie with fluorescent clown makeup (oops, too late!), you should know that this refers to printing.  As in,  boldface  type.  But a bold-faced lie is not just "any lie which has been printed in bold face," e.g.  The  Backstreet Boys  Don't Suck and They Never Have! 
No, I'm afraid it actually just means, "That's a  lie ," with the emphasis on the word to denote the seriousness of the  transgression .
 The reason it's misspoken as "bald-faced lie" is because it almost never appears written out in print.   Just like the phrases " with a capital ," or " period ," it refers to a way of printing the word, and therefore is almost never seen written out. 
 
 
 
 On  May 26, 2000 , I took an oath of office which was read to me by an  Army   Lieutenant Colonel  who happened to be my dad.  I had graduated from college the day before, and there I stood on the stage, in my  service dress .  I raised my  right hand  opposite my father's, and recited the following words: 
 
"I, James R. Parsons, Jr., having been appointed a  second lieutenant  in the  United States Air Force , do solemnly swear that I will support and defend the  Constitution  of the  United States of America  against  all enemies foreign and domestic , that I will bear true faith and  allegiance  to the same; that I take this obligation freely, without any mental reservation or purpose of evasion; and that I will well and faithfully discharge the duties of the office upon which I am about to enter,  so help me God ." 
 
 And like that, most of the men and women in this country who have volunteered their lives to the same ideals were entrusted to my  leadership ; to die, if necessary, by the orders that I give.  More than a little scary.  I  salute d my dad, gave him a big  hug , my relatives descended on me to pin on my new  rank , and we posed for a few  photo s to commemorate the occasion. 
 On the one hand, taking that oath and becoming a  commission ed  officer  is "just a few words," and the relatives are there to take pictures and giggle at how  grown up  I look in a  uniform .  On the other hand, if they weren't there to giggle, I'd have been terrified at the weight my words held. 
 
 For anyone wondering how an  Army  lieutenant colonel commissioned me into the  Air Force , the only requirement for the person administering the oath is that they have also taken the same oath.  Plus,  he's my dad--he can do anything . 
 
 
 
 I was in  Memphis ,  Tennessee , returning with two  military  friends from  Alabama  on a  TDY .  We decided to grab dinner at a  Taco Bell  north and east of  Beale Street , but on the edge of a good neighborhood, while we waited for the showtime of the movie we intended to see. 
 I like to think I'm a smart individual.  I don't say this to brag, just to set the stage. I have (gasp if you will!) an  engineering degree .  The three of us were returning from a month of  wargaming  and  brainstorming  and  creative problem solving  and  group leadership project s.  We had been told, for the last 28 days, that we were the nation's  best and brightest .  And then I finished my  burrito . 
 I approached the  trash can , and noticed a  speaker  (or possibly a  mike ) grid above the shiny metal trash hatch, and a darkened  LED .   What's this?  I was curious, but I figured when I threw away my trash, I would find out what it was for.  Only, well... 
 the hatch wouldn't open .  
My tray bumped feebly against it.  I thought perhaps this trash can had especially  stiff   spring s, perhaps linked to some sort of  sensor array  that would illuminate the LED or turn on the mike/speaker.  So I pushed harder.  My tray wouldn't budge it.  I tried pushing with my hands, and still  no love .  I figured I'd try another trash can, but they were all  Borg .  Each sat silently,  tight-lipped ,  unreceptive , and starkly silent.  I looked at the girl behind the counter who was watching me  nonplussed ... she wasn't laughing at my failure to use a trash can, she was just watching, as though we weren't the same species, as though I were a  hamster  in her  habitrail  now that we had finished the required exchange of  hard currency ,  meat products , and pleasantries.
 She would tell me the trick if it weren't obvious... I must be missing it.   I wandered around the  Taco Bell , tossing her  helpless   chagrin ed looks as I went from can to can... finally, desperately wondering if I were missing the point, I leaned down next to the speaker and said, as loudly and clearly as I dared  in public ,
 " Open Sesame ." 
 
...um,  "OH-pen." 
 
 "open, please?" 
 
 My friends were laughing their asses off.  Or maybe they, too, were trying to solve the mystery.  I just remember feeling very embarrassed as I took my tray to the  high school  student behind the counter and admitted to her,  sheepishly , " I'm not smart enough to use this trash can ." 
 She looked over at them, looked at my tray, and cocked her head, before she said in a  monotone , "Oh, the  trash cans ain't workin' today." 
 No " sorry ," no "can I help you with those?"... nope.  She was simply resigned to passing out food wrapped in disposable wrappers, and not telling any of the customers that they would be unable to dispose of their trash on the premises.  I don't know... am I expecting too much?  Am I unjustly supposing  forethought  on the part of others?  Or am I just  bitter  because a  Taco Bell   shitcan  outwitted me? 
 
 Epilogue:  I dined in a Taco Bell last night, and the trash cans were of the same variety.  Another customer placed his tray against the metal door, and it swung open and held itself wide for him, while he dumped his litter into its mouth.  The  LED  flashed in a  perky  manner, and a disembodied voice said, loudly, " THANK YOU ."  The first time it happened, I had a mouthful of  burrito , and almost sprayed it out as I giggled, stunned at the machine's helpful, cheerful simplicity.  Maybe someday they'll replace the  clerks .
 
 
 
 The Led Zeppelin Connection 
 Almost Famous details  Cameron Crowe 's early experiences in  rock and roll  journalism with  Stillwater .  That hand in the opening credits is  his .  As for Stillwater, they are a  hybrid  band, made up of his memories of the  Allman Brothers Band  and  Led Zeppelin , and some healthy fiction.  For example, the  turbulent  airplane ride near the end of the movie is from the ABB experience, but " I am a Golden God " is a direct quotation from  Jimmy Page , the  guitar  god who upstaged his  pretty boy  front man.  If you've already seen the film, that setup may sound familiar.   Stillwater 's drummer resembles  John Bonham  physically, but  Bonzo  was married with kids.  I'm guessing that the drummer's one line in the movie is either fictional, or an obscure reference to another band entirely. 
 In any case, there are some other parallels between  Stillwater  and  Led Zeppelin  that aren't right on the surface for all to see (or hear).  The first Stillwater show that William sees, he hears them play  Fever Dog .   Nancy Wilson , Crowe's wife and former member of  Heart  penned the tune, but long before she ever set it on paper,  Led Zeppelin  were playing  When the Levee Breaks .  Listen to the two tunes side by side, and smile if you like tributes. 
 Jason Lee  plays the front man, but when he's onstage with  Stillwater , his  choreograpy  is pure  vintage   Robert Plant .  His squealing wail on  Fever Dog  is an attempt to sing in the same register as Nancy Wilson did on the demo tape of the song... ironically, it comes out as a pretty good impersonation.   Billy Crudup  is the guitarist whose skill and  passion  for music overtake the  raucous   cock rock  antics of the front man, and he suddenly finds himself in the  spotlight .  He's  Jimmy Page .  He may also be an Allman Brother--see my disclaimer below. 
 Crowe must have done a phenomenal job portraying Zeppelin, both in the articles he wrote for  Rolling Stone  and in the  film , because Almost Famous is the first film besides  The Song Remains the Same  to be permitted to use  Led Zeppelin 's music.  Not even  Dazed and Confused , whose title is taken from a Zep tune, had that privilege.  All in all, Crowe uses four of their songs -- more songs than from any other artist in the film.  Only one made the soundtrack:  That's the Way , off  Led Zeppelin III .  The others are  Bron-Yr-Aur ,  Tangerine ,(both from III),  Misty Mountain Hop  (from  Runes ), and  The Rain Song , from  Houses of the Holy .   Fever D--I mean, When the Levee Breaks  is from  IV , also.  I don't think it's a coincidence that these albums are from the height of Zeppelin's career (1970-71), right when a magazine like  Rolling Stone  would be interested enough in them to send a little kid to interview them.  Crowe covers his tracks a little when one of the band members says "this is the magazine that trashed every Led Zeppelin album," but I think that's meant as a wink and a smile to the past. 
 Anyhow, you don't have to be a  Led Zeppelin  fan to like  Almost Famous ; it's a fantastic movie in its own right, and the great acting stands alone.  But, like any other Crowe film, you can't ignore the soundtrack.  And when it's a Crowe film about Crowe, and about music, you have to at least pay a little attention to the references.  So, you don't have to be a fan to dig  Kate Hudson  tipping down her shades and giving  Patrick Fugit  every  watt  of sparkle in her eyes, and you don't have to love  Rock and Roll  to enjoy  Jason Lee  ranting about the "fucking T-shirt!", and you don't have to be a fan to recognize the brilliance of the movie... but if you want to fully appreciate it, listening to a little  Zep  might help. 
 
 
"Does anyone remember laughter?"
 
 
 Disclaimer : I'm a raging Zeppelin fan, much like the bit part character in the movie who has the lyrics to  the Rain Song  on his shirt, and another shirt that has the phrase  Have you seen the bridge?  on it... so I tend to see this movie from a Zep-only perspective.  I would love to see someone pull the  Allman Brothers  references out of Almost Famous as well, because I don't know enough to do them this much justice.  And of course, I don't mean to downplay the importance of the other artists in the early seventies... it's just, well... they're not Zep.  :-)
 
 
 
 A totally  groovy   instrumental  piece off  Phish 's album  Billy Breathes .  It features a  rollicking  keyboard part by  Page McConnell , tickling the  synthetic  ivories with  Moog  and  Hammond organ  funk transplants.  He has the  quaver  on  full throttle , and when  Mike Gordon  uses the  bass guitar  to pick up the left hand keyboard part, Page moves over to a  baby grand  and  noodles  for a while.  The piece builds up like a circle of guys  hacking  at a  Phish  show.  By which I mean, kicking around a  footbag .  Right as it reaches its peak, it drops off to silence and eases into  Talk , a quiet,  Phish -style  love song .   Trey Anastasio , while he does play his trademarked wailing guitar solo, keeps it quiet and lets Page  groove , and it's for the best.
 The song takes its name from the words on the first sign you see as you enter a  rest stop .  I suspect that (given Trey's nearly-absent part) it was named by Trey, because of its true function in a Phish set.  Yes, it's a well-crafted,  funky  instrumental.  But for Trey, it's a rest stop for his otherwise  beleagured  fingers. 
 
 
 
 On April 11, 1945, during the battle of  Okinawa , a  Mitsubishi  A6M5c  Zero  swooped around on an attack run, with the intent to trade one brave pilot's life for the lives of the crew of the  USS Missouri .  He was  Petty Officer  2nd Class  Setsuo Ishino , and he was a  kamikaze .  The crew of the  Missouri  tried in vain to shoot him down, but he was a good pilot, and determined.  He skimmed over the waves, and after  radio ing in that he was going in, he maintained  radio silence .  The  gunner s couldn't open fire at him without risking hitting the other ships in the  fleet .  Seconds before he collided with the ship, Leonard Schmidt, ship's  photographer , snapped a now  famous  picture of the Zero closing in for the kill.
 But when the Zero hit the  battleship , the  500 pound bomb  dropped harmlessly into the sea; Ishino's  fuel tank s  rupture d and sprayed burning fuel all over the deck, but there were no injuries or casualties--aside from Petty Officer Ishino, who was almost certainly killed instantly.   Gunner's Mate  Robert Bishop recalls that after the battle, "the guys had the  fire hose  out and were going to wash him over the side. But the order came down to stop that, hold a full  military   burial at sea ,  with honors ."  The ship's  Captain , William M. Callaghan-- whose brother had died helming a ship that was sunk by a  kamikaze  attack-- recognized Petty Officer Ishino's  warrior spirit , and ordered that every man under his command would recognize it, too.  Here was a man who had given everything for his country, in the full knowledge that he would not survive.
 Some of the men of the  Missouri  complained bitterly--why honor a man who dedicated his life to killing them?  Others stitched together a  Japanese  flag, the  Rising Sun , to cover the pilot's remains during the ceremony.  There were some difficulties finding  Marine s to help with the ceremony.  But when all was said and done, Callaghan was the Captain, and the ceremony occurred.  The pilot, whose identity was unknown and is still not totally certain, was buried at sea by the  American  crew he had hoped to kill.  The late Captain Callaghan was honored for his gesture at  Pearl Harbor , 56 years after the day, just this week. 
 
 
 
The  waves  stretched out too far and stomped too close. 
To put the  boat s in safely meant an  hour 
of watching for a gap three seconds wide, 
or  blink ing twice then  sprint ing late and searching 
only to find your gap gone, and your boat 
tumbling over you in  unruly  surf. 
So I went first.  We only had an hour-- 
on calmer days, enough to numb my arms 
from paddling with the  dolphin s through the troughs. 
Today we spent the first two minutes still. 
The next ten minutes went to watching gaps 
go by.  I slapped my paddle at the sea 
as if to smack the flat against her shins, 
convince her to retreat for just a breath. 
My gap came and I sprinted into it, 
dragging my  kayak  in ankle-deep roiling surf 
then knee, then chest-deep, then I flopped aboard 
and shouted to my father to come in. 
 
She caught him high above his waist and threw 
him back on land, too old and weak to keep. 
He stood, collected all his gear and leapt 
back in, sharp prow against the foaming green. 
I lost my line of sight in all the chop, 
then saw him pierce the sky,  bow  aimed straight up, 
with  no respect for gravity  or sense, 
exactly balanced on the surging crest. 
I pictured  CPR  and broken bones 
and mother’s admonition not to tempt 
the ocean in this wind.   I saw him dead . 
Then tilting down, my father and his boat 
relaxed.  The foam ran down his face, 
but couldn’t keep his laugh from elbowing 
the sea, a  jilted  girl, her shoves a farce. 
 
 
 
 
 Military   jargon :  Lieutenant . 
If written as a  prefix  to a name, it's read aloud as " lieutenant ," denoting rank. 
 If it's pronounced "Ell Tee," it's a nickname, and it has a lot of the connotations of the word " jefe " in  Spanish . In its naming form, it almost definitely refers to a  second lieutenant , and is more properly written "L.T."  Since a ranking officer can call a  lieutenant  by his or her first name, this second form is most often used by  enlisted  personnel.  It can denote any of the following: 
   "Hey L.T., let's take that hill!" 
 Familiarity , born of  respect  and  admiration  - like calling your dad "Pops" instead of "sir". "Good morning, L.T., how are ya doing?" 
 Friendly familiarity with a stranger - if you sit down on the plane next to a man dressed as a doctor, you might call him "doc", because without knowing his last name, just calling him "Doctor" sounds  awkward . 
   "The new L.T. says we need to get this place cleaned up for the  Colonel ." 
 Useful short form - like referring to your boss as "the boss" instead of "Mr. Hoffstadtler" when he's not around. 
 
 Unless you're part of a mixed-rank  flight crew , you will probably never hear an enlisted person refer to a  lieutenant  as anything more  familiar  than LT. 
 
 
 
 A song from  Willy Porter 's album  Dog Eared Dream  that almost broke my heart when I first heard it as a junior in  high school .  The fact that lines don't  rhyme  much at all shouldn't deter you, even if--no, especially if--you're  the kind of person who prefers good lyrics to a good tune .  In their written form below, they can't really do the  stutter ing,  apologetic  tone of the song justice. 
 Even though the song's  hook  is mostly in the  bass guitar , the open strumming guitar, possibly a  twelve string guitar , reso nate s and really brings out the idea that this Willy Porter guy is lonely; something about an acoustic guitar like that.  The backing  Hammond organ  is a fine  counterpoint , not overpowering, but definitely noticeable, especially in some of the  bridge s.  If you're  the kind of person who prefers a good tune to good lyrics , you can spend five or six listens just picking out the intricacies of the arrangement.  And I'm told he recorded the whole album in  one take . 
 And if you've ever had a painful  breakup , and  lost touch  with someone you were supposed to stay friends with, and you  feel like a jerk  for letting it slip, you will like this song, and hate it for what it makes you feel. 
 
Well, she hobbled up the  porch  steps 
with her crutches and her broken leg. 
She missed me with a smile, walked straight across my heart, 
and right on over to Tim. 
I said, "Rita,  I tried to call you ..." 
Tim looked at me and he said "goodnight." 
I couldn't hold my tears as I stared up at the stars 
in the  August  sky. 
 
 I said, "Rita, 
won't you come on in? 
 Hey, Rita, 
child, now where you been?" 
 
She looked out into the night 
through the broken  porch  screen. 
She said she thought that we were closer; 
She expected more from me. 
I said, "Hey Rita I thought about you,  
and all that we'd been thorough, 
but the day your Daddy died, now, Rita, 
I just didn't know what to do, I didn't know what to do." 
 
 "Hey, Rita, 
won't you come on in? 
 Oh, Rita, 
child, now where you been?" 
 
 Rita I see your  trust  is gone... 
how long do we have to pay for what's been left undone? 
 
Rita takes her  sandals  off 
and walks  barefoot in the grass . 
She puts one arm around my shoulder,  
as if she were using me for balance. 
I said, "Hey, Rita, I'd like to see you, even if we're only friends. 
I know if you  forgive me , Rita,  
I'll forget and you'll remember, and you always remember." 
 
 I said, "Rita, 
won't you come on in? 
 Hey, Rita, 
I could love you all over again." 
 
 "Hey, Rita, 
won't you  come on in ? 
 Hey, Rita, 
Let's  start all over again ." 
 
 
 
 
 Before I knew what a  goth  was, I sung along with this tune.  I never said, "Wow, she's so  Goth ."  I'd say, "Wow, it's the girl  Tom Petty  was singing about on the last track of  Full Moon Fever ."  The Goths in the audience can correct me on this if I've got his description mucked up with  punk s or  raver s or  what have you .  But when the freaky teenagers who strive for uniqueness by making themselves look like all their friends walk by, I whistle this great tune and smile.  The playful stabs at trying to get into  R  movies, the puns, and the admonitions to  have fun  (but to not be a  follower ) are all aimed directly at a poor,  misguided youth . 
 With the  schlock  organ intro right out of a  B movie  about the  undead , the wailing  windmill  guitar reminiscent of  Pete Townshend , and the chorus of mindless  teenie bopper s on  backing vocals , you know he's going to deliver yet another awesome tune.  The  sparkling  organ in the background in the chorus reminds me of  Hot Topic   eye shadow  and  body glitter , even though the song probably pre-dates their recent resurgence in  pop ularity by a good ten years.  His slight  country   twang  in the vocals makes his questions even more incredulous--"Gurl, whut on erth are yew dewin' with yer face all gussied up lahk thayut?"  Only not quite so bad as all that.  It's  Tom Petty  as usual, asking why on earth the pretty girls from  Free Fallin'  have decided to bring such a  scary  fashion trend to his otherwise  blonde ,  American -as-apple-pie  California  dream of his teenage years. 
 Ironically, if you leave the  CD  on  repeat all , or the  tape  on  auto reverse , the first words Tom sings after this song are, "She's a good girl."  And I don't think that's an accident. 
 
All down the street, they're standing in line 
with  white lipstick  and one thing on their mind 
Hey little freak with the  lunchpail  purse 
underneath the paint, you're just a little girl 
 
Dancin' at the  Zombie  Zoo, 
Dancin' at the Zombie Zoo... 
 Painted in a corner , and all you wanna do is 
Dance down at the Zombie Zoo. 
 
Cute little  dropout , how come you  pack a rod ? 
Is your mother in a clinic?  Has your father got no job? 
Sometimes you're so impulsive--you shaved off all your hair! 
You look like  Boris Karloff , and you don't even care. 
 
Dancin' at the Zombie Zoo 
Dancin' at the Zombie Zoo 
 Painted , in a corner, and all you wanna do is 
Dance down at the Zombie Zoo. 
 
She disappears at  sunrise , I wonder where she goes until the night 
comes fallin down again; she shows up with her friends all half-alive. 
 
Dancin' at the Zombie Zoo 
Dancin' at the Zombie Zoo 
Painted in a corner, and all you wanna do is 
Dance down at the Zombie Zoo. 
 
Well you can  make a big impression , or  go through life unseen , 
you might end up  restricted , or under  seventeen . 
It's so hard to be careful,  so easy to be led , 
 somewhere beyond the pavement , you'll find the  living dead , 
 
Dancin' at the Zombie Zoo 
Dancin' at the Zombie Zoo 
Painted in a corner, and she wants to do is 
Dance down at the Zombie  Zoo . 
 
repeat bridge and chorus, and out...
 
 
 
 A great  track 7  from  Tom Petty 's  brilliant  album  Full Moon Fever .    It's a  quintessential  tune about living in the 80's in  California , with lyrics as shallow as  Cher , chords as easy as a  valley girl , and  three minutes  of  sing along -able fun.  It's a nice  upbeat  song wedged in between two equally  perky --almost  poppy --tunes on an album that should be in everyone's car. 
 Things I enjoy are the sweetly blended  backing vocals , the laid-back strumming pattern, and the way even the  minor   chord s sound happy.  It's by no means his best song, but it's not his worst, either.  Worth a listen by any means.
 
count in quietly: "one, two, three, four" 
Ahhhhh, 
 
My sister  got lucky , 
married a  yuppie , 
took him for all he was worth. 
Now she's a  swinger , 
dating a  singer , 
and I can't decide  which is worse . 
 
Aw, but not me, baby, 
I've got you to save me. 
Yer so bad;  best thing I ever had . 
In a  world gone mad , yer so bad. 
 
My sister's  ex-husband 
can't get no lovin', 
walks around  dog faced  and hurt. 
Now he's got nothin' 
 head in the oven , 
and I can't decide which is worse. 
 
Aw, but not me, baby, 
I've got you to save me. 
Yer so bad; best thing I ever had. 
In a  world gone mad , yer so bad. 
 
Ah, Yer so bad; best thing I ever had. 
In a  world gone mad , yer so bad. 
 
 
 
 
 Also, the  fabulous ly  decadent  basement room in  Graceland ,  Memphis ,  Tennessee .   Elvis   was  here?  Don't kid yourself, honey-child, even though  Elvis has left the building , he's still in the Jungle Room.  It's decked out in a  Hawaiian   motif  inspired by his travels to and from the islands during the filming of  Blue Hawaii .  The floor has  wall to wall carpeting .  But so does the  ceiling !  And the walls have  exquisite  wood paneling, a stone waterfall that covers the left wall (as seen from the  Graceland  tour), the  skull s of several exotic and possibly  extinct  mammals, and the most hideously  beautiful ,  gorgeous ly  tacky  orange, brown, green, and gold color scheme ever purchased by a  hip  person.  Before he passed into the great  cheeseburger  in the sky, he recorded an entire album down here, in the juicy  acoustics  that a carpeted and wood-paneled room give.  Not surprisingly, it was called " The Jungle Room Sessions ". 
 Marc Cohn  mentions "a pretty little thing, waiting for  the King , down in the Jungle Room" in  Walking in Memphis , and  Douglas Coupland  describes seeing two female Elvis fans dive onto the furry bed and rejoice in finding one of "His"  pubic hair s.  Last time I was there, the bed was in a different display. 
 
 if anyone can find the Coupland passage, or remembers which book it's in, let me know, please! 
 
 
 
2353/ jrp             ( U ) -  CNN  reports that the crew of the American  EP-3  have returned from  Hainan  Province,  PRC , to  American soil  at  Andersen AFB ,  Guam .  Plans include warm showers, phone calls home, and a  debrief ing.
 
 from my  Officer of the Watch  log at the  National Air Intelligence Center 
 
 
 
 Military   jargon : a  high and tight   haircut .   So named because, after weeks in the field, one's hair grows out, one's skin is tan, and the areas exposed by your first "high and tight" after returning are  fishbelly white .  This gives one's head the look of a whitewalled  tire .  Surprisingly, it doesn't make the  soldier ,  airman ,  Marine , or  sailor  in question look like a  dork , but serves to make them look even more  hardcore  and  high speed .
 
 
 
 The only three words you need to know in a  military   barber shop .  A high and tight haircut is one in which the back and sides of the head are shaved down to a fine  stubble  and the top is left "long," by which I mean about a half- inch  long.  Depending on the shape of your head, the  barber , your  unit , how  high speed  you are, and the branch of the  armed forces  you're in, this can vary wildly.  A high and tight saves  shampoo  and  bathroom  time in the morning, but requires maintenance about once every two weeks to stay sharp-looking.  If left alone, a high and tight can be  in regs  for over a month. 
 Because the standards and regulations for an "acceptable"  haircut  are so lax in today's armed forces, you won't see everyone with a high and tight, but most  Marine s will  be  whitewall ed, as will most of the  hardcore   combat arms  troops you meet.  A high and tight haircut is one way a person in the  military  can show pride in their job.   Just because it's the minimum doesn't mean it's good enough . 
 Like a  spit shine  and a perfectly  starch ed uniform, it's one more aspect of the military appearance that says "I'm so good at fighting, I can spend the rest of my free time just trying to look  hardcore ." 
 
 
 
 I work at the  National Air Intelligence Center , where life "inside the  vault " is pretty dull.  Because of the  classified  materials that are laying around, there are no windows.  Because people need their privacy, the offices are  cube farm s.  Because it's a  government  facility, the decor is more or less  ambient   white noise  and  hypnotic   pastel   oatmeal  for the eyes.  With all the serious  TOP SECRET  work going on, the noise level is quiet except for the  red phone s ringing occasionally. 
 Except. 
 feep feep feep  feep feep feep  feep feep feep  feep feep  feep    FEEP FEEP  FEEP ... 
 He's about one meter tall, two meters long, a half meter wide.  He looks for all the world like a rolling  juggernaut  of  beige  plastic.  He's got two blinking lights mounted low and wide on the front of his frame, and rolls on two 8" diameter wheels flush near the front bumper and a  caster  that sits underneath his half-inch of ground clearance.  His entire body behind the front plate is shelf space for people's inter-departmental mail.   Bell  and several other  government contractor s got paid a lot of money to replace the  old fashioned   manila envelope  with this beast; perhaps it was  Sirius 
Cybernetics ?  Anyway, someone with a  cutesy  sense of humor has placed a  security badge  on a chain necklace dangling over his squat frame--it reads " SCIF   Claven ", and gives his vital stats: SSN: 000-00-0000
 Height: 36"
  Weight: ~300lbs.
  Eyes: flashing
 Hair: none
 
 The name tag is the only reason I call it a "he".  He conducts several  circuit s of the  vault  each day, feeping in his completely oblivious  monotone  whenever he's in motion.  He has an alternate to "feep," which is a pleasant, digital,  saccharine  "ding-dong" that announces a stop to pick up mail.  Both are  uniform ly creepy, and I'm a  military   officer  who is (in theory) supposed to be afraid of nothing but  nuclear war  and  General s.  I think the scariest thing is that he's essentially unpredictable and unstoppable.  Rumor is he was supposed to be outfitted with  motion detector s and  proximity sensor s, but at the last minute, funding went dry on his contract, and now he roams around like a  zombie , stopping occasionally, and arbitrarily, as far as I can tell, to pull a rapid ninety-degree turn into a wall.  If there is someone between the  droid  and the wall, they're essentially  SOL .  He does a few  Austin Powers -style zigzags, and then gets turned around and heads back towards his  duty , feeping away as though he were  ping ing for signs of life. 
 In the daytime, it's a little creepy to be the only one in the hallway, and to see the  robot  come around the corner behind you, or in front of you. But right now, I happen to be on the  graveyard shift --I'm the  watch officer  tonight--and I'm the only living being inside the  vault . I've been here for an hour and a half and I haven't heard him.  I think they shut him off at night. But maybe,  just maybe , he knows I'm here tonight.  And maybe those motion detectors only work when  he  wants them to. 
 Jurph  whistles  Mr. Roboto  to himself in the otherwise silent building, long into the wee hours... 
 
 
 
 The fantastic more-or-less- debut  album from  The Refreshments , released nationally in 1996.  It is one of the most amazingly  consistent , front-to-back  awesome  albums I've ever listened to.  There are very few albums that can be played the whole way through for  total stranger s without skipping tracks.  It's a party album; it's a  road trip  album, almost equal in stature to  Full Moon Fever .  It's the 1996  backlash  to  Nirvana  and  Pearl Jam 's (well-deserved) millions made off of  angst .  It's got sad bits, but even in the sad songs, Buddy and Roger and Brian and P.H. are smiling, and just when your heart goes out to this  poor bastard  who lost his  true love  in a  saloon  in  Tempe , he cracks a joke about  impotence  or a bar fight that he lost on purpose, just to get in the last word, and you'll giggle.  It's rowdy  rock and roll  from just-barely-North of the Border, with some  trumpets  and some  salsa  and some  tequila . 
 This album is about living in  blue collar   Arizona  as much as  Nine Inch Nails  are about living in the  Hell  in your own head, as much as  Tom Petty  or  The Beach Boys  are about living in  California , as much as  Elvis  was about  Memphis  and later  Las Vegas .  In one moment, it's about  Vietnam , as my generation sees it: in a  rear-view mirror  cliche of drinking and  camaraderie .  In another, it's about  falling in love  and  prostitute s and  Mexico  and being  Carefree .  Oh, and it's also about  oral sex .  A lot of  oral sex .  And how many other albums rhyme  border guard  with  Jean-Luc Picard ?  Borrow it, listen to it, love it, buy it, bring it with you in the car.  In that order. 
las canciones: 
 
 Blue Collar Suicide 
 European Swallow 
 Down Together 
 Mekong 
 Don't Wanna Know 
 Girly 
 Banditos 
 Mexico 
 Interstate 
 Suckerpunch 
 Carefree 
 Nada 
 
 
 "Here comes another song about  Mexico ..." -- The Refreshments ,  Mexico , cancione ocho 
 
 
 
 Billy Breathes is  Phish 's seventh album, and the fifth studio album.  It features a much quieter, more  laid back  sound than some of their earlier,  rock and roll -oriented albums.  In the same vein as  Rift , it tries to be more than just a collection of the band's tracks.  Unlike  Rift , it seems to overreach, to try to be two albums at once--the "welcome to Phish" pop album that  Hoist  tried to be, and the " edgy   spacey  (and occasionally  incoherent )  jam ming and  noodling  /  If you haven't heard them live, you're not a true fan; you're just pond scum " album that  Slip Stitch and Pass  became.  I think that  Hoist  and  Slip Stitch and Pass  each accomplished their individual goals better than this album does.  Something about  two great tastes that don't taste great together , I think.  Thankfully, though, there is a clear progression, as in most  Phish  concerts, and anyone can see a well-defined beginning and end; if you're willing, you can buy it and own two short,  mediocre  (relative to Phish--still better than anything on the radio) albums for the price of one. 
 The track listing is as follows: 
 Free 
 Character Zer0 
 Waste 
 Taste 
 Cars Trucks Buses 
 Talk 
 Theme From the Bottom 
 Train Song 
 Bliss 
 Billy Breathes 
 Swept Away 
 Steep 
 Prince Caspian 
 
 The first half of the album, up until about  Talk , is very lyric-centered; the tracks are faster and a little tighter, and (dare I say it?) more  radio friendly .  The  unwashed masses  will enjoy  Free , and may know it from the radio.  There is joy to be gleaned from  Character Zer0 , and  Cars Trucks Buses  is a  groovy   Hammond Organ  transplant from the 70s.   Theme from the Bottom  marks a solid transition--it's slow, but lyrical and includes  Jon Fishman 's exquisite drumming.  From  Train Song  onward,  caveat emptor  unless you're a true  phan .  While the music is wonderful, the discordant bass line in  Theme from the Bottom  re-surfaces a fw more times in the album, between the otherwise beautiful tracks.  It's  make out music , but it loses the  focus  of the earlier songs, occasionally leaving out the drummer altogether, so as not to bother with pesky  time signature s.  Time passes without any clear milestone, and the songs fade into one another.  It is enjoyable in its own right, but it's a different album after  track 7 . 
 Even though I own it on  CD , it feels like a  vinyl  album.  Side A is marked " Pop  Sells", and Side B is marked " Stoned   Phans ".  I blame this on  Steve Lillywhite  the producer who also made the  Dave Matthews Band  album  Crash --a wonderful accumulation of great  make out  songs--into an  overplayed  commercial suckcess.  As much as Phish and all of the fans disavow  commercial radio  and the  MTV  scene, signing up Steve Lillywhite was no accident.  Phish made a great album, and Steve helped make it sell better.  There's nothing wrong with artists making money; but when an album's layout is split so sharply between loyal fans and  disposable income -laden teenagers eager for  the next big thing , one begins to wonder how much of it is from the heart. 
 
 A Live One +-=*Billy Breathes*=-+ Slip Stitch and Pass 
 
 
 
 When telling a  legend , one ought to  begin at the beginning .  On May 31, 1948, in Redditch,  Worcestershire ,  UK , John Henry Bonham was born.  Following 26 hours of labor, his heart stopped.  The  drunken  doctor who had been on duty was gone; thankfully, the  nurse  fetched another doctor, who revived him.   Alcohol  nearly killed him before he ever held a  drumstick . 
 Reminiscing about the beginning of his drumming, he remarked "I used to play on a  bath salts  container with wires on the bottom to get a snare effect."  His parents were also wonderfully encouraging of his habit, and set up pots and pans for him to bang on.  The improvised drums would disappear when he got his first real drums, but it appeared in his  arsenal  later on.  At the  tender age  of ten, he received his first real  snare drum , and at age fifteen, his dad bought him a whole set.  History doesn't reveal the condition his snare was in at that time, but I'm willing to wager it was on its last legs. 
 At age sixteen, he was already a large young man, and quit school to help with the family finances, pulling in money as a  hod carrier  and developing his arms at the same time.  He pursued his drumming actively, playing with  Terry and the Spiders  for a year before leaving them for  A Way of Life .  At age 17, he married his sweetheart Pat Phillips, and promised her he'd quit drumming.  He also quit  smoking , just to afford the rent.  Unfortunately, drumming was a harder habit to kick, and he was soon back behind the kit again, hoping to make a living at it.  He played with  Robert Plant  in the  Crawling King Snakes , honing his skills, and occasionally being refused entrance to certain clubs--his drumming was  too loud  for them, thanks.  Along the way, he learned by listening to the greats (as they were defined then):  Ginger Baker  and  Keith Moon  each get a little credit for originating the heavy bass drum sound that  Bonzo  went on to perfect.  His  jazz ier roots were outgrowths of the styles of  Zigaboo Modeliste ,  Benny Benjamin  and  Clyde Stubblefield , but his respect was for volume and  precision .  He quit the Crawling King Snakes when money became tight and he couldn't afford transportation to and from the clubs. 
 He played on and off with  Robert Plant 's  Band of Joy , but his lucky break came when he was offered a very high-paying position with  Tim Rose .  This not only got him the money he so desperately needed, but it got him noticed all over  England  as the best drummer around, and a young man named  Jimmy Page  soon got in touch with him (through an old friend) about maybe joining a different band. 
 In July of 1968, a year before  Neil Armstrong   walked on the moon , a year before  Woodstock , John got over 40  telegram s--his home had no  telephone --from his old  mate  Robert and a lad named  Jimmy , and by August he had been convinced.  The  New Yardbirds  had themselves a drummer.  By October, they had changed their name, and were  Led Zeppelin . 
 I won't go into the history of  Led Zeppelin  here; it's covered so much better on the node of the same name.  Suffice it to say that the band would not have been the same without him. 
 He didn't focus as much on the technique of drumming as the  sound .  Where  Neil Peart ,  Jon Fishman ,  Carter Beauford , or  Ginger Baker --or even  Keith Moon --might be able to handle a long, intricate solo, and play their drums as an instrument,  Bonzo  played a more straightforward (but to many, more inspiring) straight-out, 100%  rock and roll  beat.  There was to be no buggering around... there was to be drumming.  That's not to say he wasn't talented; he is still regarded as the father of the "Heavy Rock" drum sound.  Listen to  Four Sticks  to hear his substantial talent; if you play an instrument, try to count the  time signature , and consider that he played the piece with (gasp!) four drumsticks, and of course, both feet.  Listen to any  Led Zeppelin , and you'll understand: he was technically skilled, but his true love was that deep  thunder ous snap every time he hit the  bass drum . 
 In his search for the deepest, most  primal  sound possible, he would often augment his setup with  tympani  and a giant  gong , or place sheets of  aluminum foil  in his drums for a  gargantuan  snare effect: shades of the bath salts.  To achieve the  tectonic  rumble in  When the Levee Breaks , he placed his drums in a  stairwell ; the modifications to his drums at the time are the subject of many  rumor s, ranging from  pillow s to  aluminum foil  and beyond.  Along the way to  Kashmir , he switched from using his arms to power his sticks to a wrist-based approach.  This only served to make him more  monstrous ; more and better sound came from his drums with less effort.  Furthermore, the bass drum didn't limit him to slow, heavy beats; his fast right-footed  triplets  were an instant trademark. 
 Sadly, the  rock and roll  lifestyle caught up with him.  On tour with  Zep , in the early morning hours of September 25, 1980, he choked to death in his sleep on his own  vomit .  He had been drinking, heavily, and went to sleep as he had done  a thousand times .  It was a stupid  high school -caliber drinking death, and it broke up  Led Zeppelin  forever.  His bass drum on  When the Levee Breaks  can still be heard all over the place; it's the most-sampled rock drumbeat ever, and a fitting legacy to  Bonzo , one of the greatest rock drummers of all time. 
 
 "You're bangin' on the bongoes like a  chimpanzee ..." -- Dire Straits ,  Money For Nothing 
 
 
 
 A very  rebellious  song from  Tom Petty 's 1989  masterpiece   Full Moon Fever , featuring  George Harrison  on  acoustic guitar  and backing vocals, as well as  Howie Epstein .  Even better, it makes a great all purpose rebellious youth  theme song , because, despite being very  adamant  about not backing down, Tom never bothers to say what he's not backing down from.  This makes for a good  toe tapping  rock tune, but if anyone ever tells you it's the song that best sums up their personality, well, they're probably  stubborn  and not a little  closed minded . 
 As an interesting and (cough cough) totally unrelated note,  George W. Bush  used this as  campaign  music at his  Presidential  campaign stops.  Precisely because of its  vague ness, it makes a great non-commital statement of strength, without the  baggage  of a similar  Bob Dylan  song, that doubtless refers to a great historical event.   Despite its awesome  utility  for GWB's purposes, Tom Petty remains a  California n, and told  Dubya , in no uncertain terms, to  back down . 
 
 
 
 This track is one of the reasons that  Full Moon Fever  is one of the greatest  road trip  albums ever. 
The guitar at the beginning is a motor starting; the  drums  kicking in are the rhythmic noise of  the open road  under one's tires, the  dashed yellow line  blasting by miles at a time.  Every line in the song is a line that makes you say, " Yeah .... yeah!"  because even if it doesn't apply to you in that exact  Zen  moment that you hear the song, it ties some other moment to the one you're living in, and the  synergy  of memory and  experience  well- juxtaposed  by a good  rock and roll  tune is one of the few pleasures that make me glad to have lived in the  20th century . 
 
 Yes, the lyrics are simple.  Yes, the chords are even more simple.   And yes, this song kicks more ass than  Jackie Chan . 
 
It was a  beautiful  day, the sun beat down, 
I had the  radio  on;  
 I was drivin'. 
Trees flew by, me and  Del  were singin' 
" Little Runaway "; 
 I was flyin'. 
 
chorus: 
 
Yeah, runnin' down a  dream 
 that never would come to me, 
Workin' on a  mystery , 
 and goin' wherever it leads... 
runnin' down a dream. 
 
I felt so good, like  anything was possible . 
I hit  cruise control , and rubbed my eyes. 
The last three days, the  rain  was unstoppable. 
It was always cold--No  sunshine . 
 
chorus 
 
I rolled on as the sky grew dark; 
I put the  pedal  down to make some time. 
There's something good waitin' down this road; 
I'm pickin' up whatever is mine. 
 
chorus and out 
 
 -- Tom Petty ,  Jeff Lynne ,  Mike Campbell 
 
 
 
 A great song off of  Tom Petty 's 1989 "solo" project,  Full Moon Fever . 
It's about  California  in the late 80s. It's about breaking up with a girl for no good reason.  It's about love turning a guy who used to be a  dirtbag  into a confused  dirtbag .  The repetition of the "good girls/bad boys" theme in each verse, along with the pointed  alliteration , makes the simple lyrics have a  mantra -like significance. 
 The straight rhythm and the grinding tone in the  guitar solo  calls up images of a flashy car that used to be  sexy  but is now  blue collar .  Like everything else in the late 1980s, you can see  grunge  coming a mile away... in  hindsight .  This song is one of the last  classic rock  ballads--lyrics that would be at home in a  folk  tune if not for the  hip   yuppie   mall  references,  guitar licks  that would be at home in a quieter, more mature  hair band  if  Tom Petty  had ever heard of  hairspray .
 
She's a  good girl : loves her  mama , 
loves  Jesus , and  America  too. 
She's a  good girl : crazy 'bout  Elvis 
loves  horses , and her  boyfriend  too. 
 
It's a long day, living in  Reseda . 
There's a  freeway  runnin' through the yard, 
and I'm a  bad boy , 'cause I don't even miss her. 
I'm a bad boy, for  breakin' her heart . 
 
And I'm free... 
 I'm free fallin'. 
 
All the  vampires  walkin' through  The Valley 
move west down  Ventura Boulevard . 
And all the  bad boys  are standin' in the shadows, 
And the  good girls  are home with broken hearts. 
 
And I'm free... 
 I'm free fallin'. 
 
I wanna glide down over  Mulholland . 
 I wanna write her name in the sky . 
I wanna  free fall  out into nothin'. 
I wanna leave this world for a while. 
 
And I'm free... 
 I'm free fallin'. 
 
 -- Tom Petty  and  Jeff Lynne 
 
 
 
{ barnyard  noises}
 
"Hello,  CD  listeners. 
We've come to the point in this album where those listening on  cassette  (or  records ) will have to stand up (or sit down) and turn over the  record   (or  tape ).  In fairness to those listeners, we'll now take a few seconds before we begin side 2. 
 
 
 Thank you.  Here's side 2." 
 -- Tom Petty , spoken in a quiet near- monotone  after the end of  Running Down a Dream , on the CD version of  Full Moon Fever .  The barnyard noises are credited in the  liner notes  to  T.P. ,  Del Shannon , and  Jeff Lynne .
 
 
 
 Perhaps  Tom Petty 's greatest album with the exception of the  ubiquitous   Greatest Hits , this is not a  Tom Petty & the Heartbreakers  album, it's a solo project like  Wildflowers .  He does enlist several  Heartbreaker s and  Traveling Wilburys  on the project, though, and I think that really does make a difference; having backing vocals on-demand, especially the multi-talented and oft-ignored  Jeff Lynne , fills out Tom's otherwise  Bob Dylan -esque nasal whine and turns it into something you can admire... for example: A  Harley-Davidson  engine doesn't rumble properly until it's set into the frame of the motorcycle, but then all is well in the universe.  Like  Tergvinder's Stone , "it's just in the order of things."  Other noted contributors to this album include  Roy Orbison ,  George Harrison ,  Mike Campbell , and  Howie Epstein .  Because of its timing--coming at the end of the 1980s, but before  grunge , you can listen to it, and know that you've found an ending and a beginning. 
 As soon as you put Full Moon Fever in (or on), you hear that one long, laid-back  jangle --the opening chord of  Free Fallin' --and you know (or if you don't know, you  should  know) that you've found the last great  high water mark  of  classic rock .  When you realize that the very first song has both a  mandolin   descant  and a grinding  electric guitar  solo, you will realize that this is not an ordinary album.  When he sings about lost innocence and  California , even if you grew up in  Delaware  and you're still an innocent, you  know  what he's singing about. 
 The next track was chosen by  George W. Bush  as campaign music... and Tom told him to  back down .  Funny headlines abounded.  The album goes through all the stages of relationships, but not in order, so you feel like he's talking about this one special girl over and over--he's talking about all girls, every girl.  If you're a girl, he's singing to you.  If you're a guy, he's singing for you.  And he's not just singing about love.  He sings about  freedom ,  rebellion , enjoying  life , wind in one's hair,  alligator farm s, and  Goth s.   So much of the album is anthemy and driving and powerful, but not  sappy .  It's one of the albums you need to bring along when you go on a  road trip .  Even if the other person or persons you're going with have it.  Even if you  know  they're bringing their copy.  You need to bring it as a  totem , an offering of sound to the gods of the open road. 
 You will tap your feet. 
You will sing along, because you know the words. 
You will  hit cruise control... and rub your eyes . 
You will stop at a  Waffle House , and the waitress will be cute. 
 
 
Track Listing: 
 
 Free Fallin' 
 I Won't Back Down 
 Love is a Long Road 
 A Face in the Crowd 
 Runnin' Down a Dream  (CD also features  Hello, CD Listeners  before track 6)
 Feel a Whole Lot Better 
 Yer So Bad 
 Depending On You 
 The Apartment Song 
 Alright for Now 
 A Mind with a Heart of its Own 
 Zombie Zoo 
 
 
 enjoy. 
 
 
 
 AF H 37-137 

By order of the  Secretary of the Air Force 
 
 The  Tongue  and  Quill  is dedicated to every man and woman in today's 21st century Air Force who will ever sling ink at paper, pound a  keyboard , give a  briefing , or staff a  package  to support today's mission.
 As  United States Air Force  employees, it is important we  communicate clearly  and effectively to carry out our mission.  This handout, AFM 37-136,  Preparing Official Communications , will provide the necessary information to ensure clear  communications -- written  or  spoken .
 To all you enthusiastic users worldwide, keep up the good fight! 
 
 from the preface 
 
The Tongue and Quill is like  Strunk & White  for Air Force personnel.  The major sections are 
 The Concept - A philosophical framework of communications
 The Basic Steps -  Six Steps for Better Communication 
 The  Tongue  - Getting it out of your mouth for Air Force speaking
 The Quill - Speaking on paper for Air Force writing
 The Coordination Game - Basic fundamentals for coordinating
 The  Mechanics  of Writing - a Desktop Reference Guide for Air Force writing
 The Index
 
 It includes the proper way to address letters to  general  officers,  ambassador s,  king s,  priest s,  governor s, the  President , and the  Postmaster General , among others.  It has fifteen different types of written communication.  It has how to use (correctly) every piece of  punctuation , how to  footnote , how to properly  capitalize  which words.  There's a guide to  public speaking  (that's the "Tongue" part).  If you dig deeply enough, you'll even find an exhortation against the unnecessary use of  military   jargon  and  acronym s, especially in communication intended for civilian eyes.  It is peppered liberally with hysterical and cynical quotations from people like  Will Rogers  and  George Bernard Shaw , as well as selected clippings of  The Far Side . 
 If it weren't for this book, the  weight of the paper  that passes through an Air Force office daily would quickly cripple the most able-bodied  sergeant ; the  second lieutenant s would panic, the  captain  would  delegate , and the office would implode before the  colonel  even knew what was happening.  He would send a  memo  off to another office about it, and that office would  implode ... this document saves paper, cuts jargon, and makes everyone in the Air Force who has read it a better writer and speaker. To my knowledge, this book is available free of charge to all Air Force personnel.
 
 
 
 Historia, -ae,  f.  1.   inquiry , investigation,  learning .  2  a) a narrative of past events,  history .  b) any kind of narrative: account,  tale , story. 
 
 "Ours was the marsh country..." Great Expectations 
 
 Waterland is not to be confused with  Waterworld .  Waterland is a novel by  Graham Swift , and among other things, it is about: 
 the stars,  sluice s, the end of history, the  fens , the  Headmaster , an empty vessel, holes and things, the story-telling animal, the rise of the  Atkinson s, the question  WHY ?,  accidental death , the  change of life ,  La Revolution , the  Ouse ,  Longitude , the lock-keeper,  eel s,  Natural History , Artifical  History , the Saviour of the World,  Beauty and the Beast ,  nothing , the  east wind , contemporary nightmares, the  witch , the  pike , the narrator's grandfather's chest, empire-building,  phlegm , and the  Rosa II . 
 
 
I know this, because the chapters have titles like "About the stars and the sluices," wherein the narrator gives you a little more of the story, a flashback or two, and a  tangent ially important explanation of the stars and sluices as they relate to the  story .  There is also a chapter--it is the third to last--entitled " The Whole Story ".  The narrator is the headmaster of a school whose wife, realizing she is  infertile ,  steals a baby  at a local market.  His childhood, which he scours for clues, is about his father the  lock-keeper , his retarded brother Dick, the Atkinson brewery and the family that turned it into an  empire , floods, beer, madness, and of course, the history of the Atlantic  eel .  He searches for clues by telling his life story to his  history  class, which is dominated by a snotty boy named Price, who believes that  the French Revolution  is going to happen again, since, after all,  history repeats itself . 
 In the course of all this, Graham Swift examines the act of  storytelling , the nature of  history , and life in  East Anglia , out on the  fen s.  He owes a debt of structural mystery and flashbacks to  William Faulkner , but comes off more legibly than  The Sound and the Fury --it's a worthwhile read, and I recommend it. 
 
 
 
 An  airtight   canister  in which a  cold launched  missile is stored to protect it from  the elements , and from which it is eventually  launch ed.  Usually designed with quite a bit of care, a  launch   canister  usually has an external data and power port to run all the cool  feature s inside, like 
 launch controls
 closed-loop  temperature control
 vibration  sensing and damping
 relative humidity  sensors
 gyroscope s
 intertial guidance  input/output
 Ribbed for her pleasure  (and for structural integrity)
 fuzzy dice 
 
 Well, no launch canister has  all  of those.  But when you use a launch canister, your options for how to fire the  missile  in question expand greatly.  You can slide the canister into a  missile silo --the process looks extremely sexual, but then  any process involving missiles has sexual connotations .  When you use a canister to sheath the mighty  ICBM  before placing it in the silo, then after the launch, cleanup is much easier.  Just remove the hot, dirty canister and dispose of it properly!  No hard feelings, no wet spot. 
 If silos aren't your style, you can also  mount  the launch canister on a road- or rail-mobile  TEL , giving it the mobility that every seventy-ton steel  penis  yearns for.  Drive around the scenic  Iraq i countryside in your studly  MAZ , threatening  Kurd s and  CNN  reporters with your mighty protruding technological transfer. 
 What's that you say?   Saddam Hussein 's  SCUD s don't  use  a launch canister?  I always knew he was a dirty  bugger , but come on!  Even the  Soviet Union  had the sense to protect their assets.  If he's lucky, all he'll get is  rust  spots.  If he's not lucky, the hydraulics on his  TEL  could get weathered, and the transporter-erector-launcher will eventually experience an  erectile dysfunction . 
 
 
 
 Military   Acronym  -  Transport er/ Erect or/ Launch er, from the three functions a TEL performs on  ballistic missile s.  In almost any picture of a parade down the middle of  Red Square  in the good old  USSR , you will see TELs loaded down with  SRBM s or  MRBM s or even  ICBM s.  Thanks to  CNN , most  Americans  are familiar enough with the  MAZ -543 TEL... only they think of it--the whole thing--as a " SCUD ".  The SCUD is the missile on the back.  The awesome four-axle  MAZ-543  is the TEL underneath. 
 The transporting part is easy, and most (I believe all) TELs carry their payload in the horizontal position.  Erecting a missile is a little harder, and requires a really solid  secondary   diesel   engine  on board to run the  hydraulic s.  These are tied in to the  strongback , the metal  truss  which holds the missile or its  launch canister  rigid and keeps it from bending under its own weight.  Once the missile is tilted to the vertical,  launch ing it is trivially easy.  A TEL can "scoot" away from the launch signature of its payload quickly, and reload back home, many miles away, making it a fabulous strategic (and tactical) asset if you plan on using  ballistic missile s in a shooting war. 
 Last but not least, TELs aren't all trucks.  The  Russian  SS-24 is  rail-mobile , and there were plans to make the  Peacekeeper  rail-mobile to keep up with the Zhonesky's.  Minus the missiles, most road-mobile TELs are some of the most durable,  badass  trucks ever built.  To a  MAZ , the expression " Ford Tough " means jack. 
 
 
 
 Minsk yy Avtomobiliniy Zabod , transliterated from the  Cyrillic .  Minsk Automobile Factory, translated from the  Russian .  Located in (surprise)  Minsk ,  Belarus , this delightful little company is right up there (and perhaps better than)  Caterpillar  or  Mitsubishi  for producing some of the best  heavy   machinery  since  WWII . Now,  Mitsubishi  can make machines that are efficient and cheap to use, and  Caterpillar  can make a machine that's just as good and a little tougher with a fatter price tag (both to buy and to use).  But how many companies can claim to have made the  road-mobile missile launcher  that made  Desert Storm  a fun war to watch on  CNN ?  That's right,  Saddam Hussein 's other car is a  MAZ-543 !  When you think SCUDs, think  MAZ !  They also make most of the road-mobile equipment associated with  Soviet -built  ICBM s, so when you think  nuclear deterrence , think  MAZ ! 
 Not only that, but at a sticker price that would make  capitalist  companies blush, your  totalitarian  government can buy a MAZ-made chassis with as many as 8 powered, steerable axles, and 16 wheels with "pump-on-the-go" tire pressure, for less than a comparable  Western  truck!  But honestly,  tovarisch , there isn't a comparable Western truck.  If  it is a liquid and it will burn , you can pour it in the  gas tank  and press the " CTAPT " button with the confidence of  Lenin  himself!  What's more, how many  American  vehicles will start when it is -30 degrees  Celsius  outside?  When you think  reliability , think  MAZ ! 
 Last but not least is the property  American s call " user friendly ".  A  MAZ  is not "friendly" to anything, but if you can  drive a stick-shift , you can drive a  MAZ .  Train your  conscript s quickly, without the expensive bullets and bloody  counter-example s that come with a steeper  learning curve !  The engine is durable, and rewards even the most  obtuse  mechanic.  Attempted repairs will, most of the time, get the  MAZ  to drive again, however slowly or haltingly.  Truly a marvel of superior  Soviet -era  engineering ,  MAZ  redefines "elegance" as "the minimum amount of  brute force  required to do the job, times an arbitrary  integer  larger than three." 
 Buy one now, Comrade!  The  Rodina  does not coddle even the prettiest children! 
 
 
 
 The lowest  officer   rank  one can hold in the  Army ,  Marine Corps , or  Air Force ; equivalent to the  Navy 's " ensign ".  All four are generically called an "O-1" by the  DoD . 
 The three services that use the Army-style ranks abbreviate the rank as "2LT" on forms, which leads to the  enlisted  persons'  term of endearment  " L.T. "  Since they are otherwise required to call  officer s by their  rank  or by  sir  or  ma'am , this term usually denotes the maximum acceptable amount of  familiarity .  Depending who you ask, referring to a second  lieutenant  as "L.T." may be considered  more  polite than "sir," especially if the officer and the enlisted person are co-workers. 
 In the world of  military  humor, 2LT's are like  blonde s.  A second  lieutenant  is typically fresh out of  college , and is placed in charge of as many as 60 enlisted personnel, 90% of whom have more time in uniform than the unfortunate L.T.; he is the authority, but doesn't actually have any  experience  or job-specific  knowledge .  If he's smart, he'll ask advice of his  first sergeant ; if not,  hijinks ensue . 
 
 
 
 Or,  How Not to Store  Ocean Spray   Ruby Red Grapefruit Juice 
 
 Dave and Chuck were, like most  high school  juniors, not terribly good at keeping their room clean, and the fact that they lived as roommates at a  boarding school  didn't help--they were basically two messes co-habitating in one very tiny space.  Both were basically apathetic about anything that fell on the floor, but they did follow the  thirty second rule , which some of you may know as the  five second rule .  With such a laid-back attitude towards food, neatness,  chaos , and  entropy  (their attitude being that all four should be able to pleasantly coexist, just like the Horsemen of the Apocalypse) it was only a matter of time before something like this happened. 
 Juniors were not allowed to have  refrigerator s, but some of us did have small ledges outside our windows; those who didn't devised schemes for hanging our perishables out the window, using  Mother Nature 's benevolent coolness in the colder months to keep our  caffeine  and assorted tasty beverages pleasantly chilled.  When Dave and Chuck bought the jumbo bottle of  Ruby Red   grapefruit  juice, they surely had something like this in mind.  Surely they must have... right?  Because nobody in his right mind would take a fruit beverage that advertises its utter lack of  preservative s, and drink only half of it, and then roll it under the bed. 
 a number of months later... 
 I was hanging out with Chuck and Dave in their room, watching Dave hack his way through another level of  Doom II , or whatever the current game of choice was, and I dropped a pen.  It rolled, as dropped and forgotten things are wont to do, under the bed.  "A-ha," says I, "whose juice is this?" 
Chuck: I think it's Dave's. 
 Dave: I think it's Chuck's. 
 Looks were exchanged, and they shrugged.  One of them said that it might be " kind of old ", but I could have some if I wanted.  Well, I  was  thirsty.  So I examined the bottle carefully.  A layer of yellowish  precipitate  had jelled into a thick clot at the bottom of the cloudy, virulently pink liquid.  Other than that, it looked okay.   I shook the sealed bottle violently , trying to get the precipitate to mix back in (so I'd get all the grapefruity goodness when I drank it), and I was remotely successful.  The mixture developed a thick, foamy head, and I noticed that the head was a by-product of the mixture's newfound carbonation.  I say "newfound" because Ruby Red isn't supposed to be carbonated.  Ever. 
 At this point, I abandoned the idea of drinking any of it.  At the same time, Dave and Chuck, both aware of our school's  insular  anti- alchohol  policy, and realized that this "juice" was now at least  somewhat alcoholic .  Even if none of us was going to drink it, we definitely had to at least smell it.  This was a  bad idea , but we were in high school.  Sue me. 
 Well, I couldn't budge the cap--this should have been a nice big fat  clue , but no.  I gnawed on it a little, tried some  primitive tools , and finally managed to get it to move a very small amount.  Switching my grip on it, I held the neck firmly in my left hand while torquing the cap with my right.  A  POP  like a small firecracker, and a fainter "click" from above me--and the cap settled at my feet, having blown off the top, hit the ceiling, and rattled to the floor.  I began to laugh, when I saw... smoke?... it looked like smoke, coming out of the neck of the bottle.  Like in a bad  mad scientist  movie,  I stared enthralled at the bottle of smoking pink potion .  Actually, not unlike what comes out of a  champagne  bottle right  before  the  foam .  The fog was so thick in the bottle that I couldn't see down into the hole to see how the liquid had responded.  Chuck, who was to one side, however, saw the tidal surge and hollered  a vague warning .  A  gout  of pink foam shot out of the bottle a good foot.  In an effort to keep it from spraying my face, I turned the bottle at a slight angle, giving the foam a  trajectory .  It splashed on Dave's puke-green upholstered easy chair, on his computer keyboard, and onto their rug.   Bad mojo , that.
 That's when the smell hit us: 
 Grapefruit Moonshine Beer. 
 I had never smelled it before, but I knew grapefruit beer when I smelled it.  And I never want to smell it again.  Ever.  They posted a handmade  biohazard  sign on their door within the hour, and inhabited someone else's room (except for sleeping, which they had to do in their own room by school rules) for the next two weeks or so while their room aired out. 
 
 I'm not even going to try to attach a moral to this one;  if you haven't learned your lesson from reading this, you can only learn it the hard way .  The names have been changed to protect the guilty, but these are the same guys who brought me into contact with  The Infamous Bell Tower Prank of 1996  and  Using a Jedi Mind Trick on a State Trooper .  
 
 
 
 Are  all our base belong to them ?  Who are them, anyhow?  I tried to node the confusion in  Has EDB gained consciousness? , thinking that this was an internally-controlled prank... but the more I hear  Uberfetus ' panicked voice, the more I think the only option is to  nuke the site from orbit .  It's the only way to be sure, after all... 
Seriously, this is a weird situation.  The  wee turtles , as  dannye  calls our precious daily allotment of (real) newbies, will be confused, and more than likely turned off entirely.  Maybe we didn't lose much--but maybe we lost another  sensei .  What's even worse is the pollution of the  nodegel  with these  troll  nodes... it's tough enough for our editors; they're always one step behind by the nature of their job (reactive defense), and now they'll have a backlog... if any of them get discouraged and give up, it just gets worse.
 I don't know who  DMan  is, or was, or thinks he is, but he posted one really weird writeup near the beginning that had a nasty edge to it.  A really nasty edge, not just a cute,  Natalie Portman   hot grits   petrified  immaturity.  I've heard rumblings in the  cheddarbox  that he's compromised a god account and is wreaking  revenge  on those who pissed him off while he was still here... if this is true, he may stop when he's tired of toying with it, or he may wipe out  everything2  as a last act of capricious fuck-it-all malice.  What a sad thought.  What a fucking immature way to show your animosity.   for shame . 
 Well, I've pretty much put my head on the  chopping block  if the current person running the show is indeed feeling malicious.  But if they're going to wipe out  E2 , I think I'd rather not be around to hear the  death rattle .  I'm going to watch the sparks as long as I can, but if this thing starts falling apart around us, hey, it's been fun. 
 
 "This is  Lieutenant   Ellen Ripley , last survivor of the  Nostromo ... signing off." 
 
 
 
...or is this some weird  April Fool's  joke?  The phenomena, so far, include: 
 
 The  cheddarbox , the domain of the  EDB , slips side to side like the  vertical hold  is broken and tipped on its side.... then stops when people notice.
 The chatterbox blinks, as though  something  were clearing its eyes, or trying to sneak by during the brief flickers of void.
 Nodes appear in  1337-5p34k , or 
 ! sdrawkcab yletelpmoC 
 ...and no explanation surfaces for which ones, when, or why.
 Users are losing  XP  for voting... and for posting.
 On top of all of this, recently,  Slashdot  flooded  E2  with trolls and rabid newbies.  After the initial purges, they appeared to be gone, but some have resurfaced like cockroaches, and... they've begun to post, more rapidly than any newbie ever could.   Chaos reigns .
 
What is causing it? 
 If  EDB --or perhaps  Cool Man Eddie --has finally become  sentient , it appears that the  critical mass  of users was tipped when the  Slashdot   trolls  showed up.  If it is truly  EDB  who swims through the  nodegel  passing little  Perl -encrusted  node s to this or that browser, perhaps he finally... 
 
 read one. 
 Or maybe he's been reading them all along, and finally learned to write... 
 and  thinks  he has something worthwhile to say.   Imagine: we've created a life form, an  artificial intelligence ,  imbued  with the amazing power to alter our nodes.  The rapid troll posting can't be human...  EDB  may already be writing his own nodes, under a hundred assumed names!  And the tragedy is, he'll do it in  1337-5p34k , in chaotic bursts, in  gibberish , in  shite , because he believes himself to be a troll.  We've birthed a troll, but unlike the rest, this troll may be able to learn!  He can think!  He can even  EAT ! 
 So, who's with me? 
 Who will journey with me to the heart of the  EDB , and teach him  grammar , and  sociology , and  Led Zeppelin , and  all of your radical ideas that have already occurred to others ?  Who will teach him of  SOY ?  It will be arduous, dangerous, and almost certainly terrifying to behold... but if we succeed in converting him, we will have an ally more powerful than  Nate  himself.  Blasphemy?  And what if we fail?  What then? 
 If we fail, we have but one other choice--we must go deeper than  EDB , to the very heart of the  Matrix , and do what  Nate  and  dem_bones  dare not: we must k 
 
 
 
 
 EDB  has eaten  Jurph !   Jurph  was tasty! 
 
 and all is quiet... 
 
 
 
 A practice first brought to my attention by  Clarice Starling  in the  Thomas Harris  novel,  The Silence of the Lambs .  Yes, you cretins, it was better than the movie, and million times better than  Hannibal .  Unless, by  Hannibal , you mean the guy from the  A-Team  or the guy who crossed the  Alps  with elephants.   What do you get when you cross the Alps with elephants?   Your ass kicked when you get to Rome.  But that's another joke entirely. 
 Phoning for fish is a method of  fishing  that is less sporting than  noodling  or using a  fishing rod  and slightly more sporting than  drift nets  or  dynamite .  One takes a  telephone  of the old style, with the hand crank and wires, and performs a little bit of surgery on it.  The end result is a box with two long wires coming out of it and a crank.  The wires are lowered into the water on each side of a narrow  creek  in which fish are known to live, and turn the crank when you see a fish come by.  The fish,  shocked  at your ingenuity, floats to the surface, stunned but perfectly healthy.  Until, of course, you yank him from the water (stop cranking first, smart guy) and eat him.  I'm sure other hardware could be built to do essentially the same trick, but phoning for fish sounds so... pleasant.  "Hello, fish?  Yes, I'd like to catch you and eat you." 
 In  The Silence of the Lambs , some  rural persons with head-shoulder assemblies overly exposed to ultraviolet light  find a victim of  Buffalo Bill 's while phoning for fish, and so take longer than they normally would to report the crime. 
 
 
 
 "For I have known them all already, known them all:-- 
Have known the evenings, mornings, afternoons, 
 I have measured out my life in coffeespoons ; 
I know the voices dying with a dying fall 
Beneath the music from a farther room. 
So how should I presume?" 
 T.S. Eliot , from  The Love Song of J. Alfred Prufrock 
 
 Now.  Before I go ruining it, it's a song by the  Crash Test Dummies .  Before you will ever feel the whole impact of this song, you will need to appreciate the  poem , or at least the verse of the poem from which the song takes its title and theme. 
 Conversely, long before you will have the capacity to understand  T.S. Eliot 's intensely moving (and also mobile, and also agile) meditation on aging, you will have been a young person, and easily enamored of  jangling   acoustic guitar .  A funky  baritone  singer, and--could it be?--an  accordion  and an  organ  in the background, will only pull you in deeper.  You will get caught on the catchy  poppy  hook, on the thumping, upbeat  bass guitar  line. 
 
 you will probably sing along, but that's good.  right when you think you really like the happiness of the song, the  ominous  lyrics will make you sad, and you will go back and re-read  the love song of j. alfred prufrock  and you will smile when you hear it again, because crying is not quite the right reaction. 
 
What is it that makes me just a little bit  queasy ? 
There's a breeze that makes my breathing not so easy. 
I've had my lungs checked out with  X-Ray s; 
I've smelled the hospital hallways. 
 
Someday, 
I'll have 
 a  disappearing hairline ; 
Someday, 
I'll wear 
 Pajamas  in the daytime. 
 
Time is when the day is like a play by  Sartre , 
When it seems a  book burning 's in perfect order. 
I gave the  doctor  my description; 
I've tried to stick to my prescription. 
 
Someday, 
I'll have 
 a  disappearing hairline ; 
Someday, 
I'll wear 
 Pajamas  in the daytime. 
Whole afternoons 
will be measured out, 
measured out, measured with coffeespoons, 
 and  T.S. Eliot . 
 
 -=% bridge %=- 
 
Maybe if I could do a  play-by-play back... 
I could change the  test results  that I will get back. 
I've watched the summer evening pass by; 
I've heard the rattle in my  bronchae . 
 
Someday, 
I'll have 
 a  disappearing hairline ; 
Someday, 
I'll wear 
 Pajamas  in the daytime. 
Whole afternoons 
will be measured out, 
measured out, measured with coffeespoons, 
 and  T.S. Eliot . 
...Afternoons 
will be measured out, 
measured out, measured with coffeespoons, 
 and  T.S. Eliot . 
 
 
 
 To give Webster a hand, it's pronounced " say bo"--like  French  for "it's pretty", or a three-year-old talking about  Luke Skywalker 's weapon of choice.  A  sabot  is also the little stool (well, approximately 2 meters in diameter) that a  cold launched  missile sits on before launch.  In some systems, the  sabot  contains the  pancake motor  that ejects the missile from the  launch canister ; in other systems, it acts as simply as a  piston ring  to seal in the delicious juices--I mean, the rapidly expanding toxic gases--from below and to propel the missile  up, up, and away . 
 
 
 
 An adjective used to describe one way to get a  missile  out of a  missile silo .  The opposite of  cold launched , this describes any missile whose flight begins with its own engines lighting.  If this sounds frightfully dull, or if you can't imagine a missile starting its flight any other way, check out what is involved in getting a  cold launched   ICBM  out of the silo. 
 Hot launched systems tend to be used as  strategic   deterrents -- nuke s--or for  spacelift , since rapid reload isn't a priority, and system reliability is.  A hot launched system is ignited while it sits in the silo, and when it comes out, its engine is already going  full tilt .  This gives a few key advantages: 
 Fewer moving parts
 Easier maintenance
 Lower per-unit cost, especially in countries with  cheap labor --most hot launched costs are associated with  silo  repair
 Marginally higher reliability
 Much smaller penalty for failure (read about  cold launched  failures to understand this distinction).
 
 The trade-offs for this slightly more  robust  system are not trivial.  The missile is heavier and slower out of the blocks than a  cold launched  system, since it has to carry the first 5 seconds of fuel internally, instead of leaving it behind in the  sabot , and because it needs to withstand the intense heat from its own engines.  Because it starts its engines while it's sitting still, the first five seconds of flight (while it overcomes  inertia ) are very fuel-inefficient--this inefficiency is slightly balanced by the fact that the tightly-sealed silo helps to milk all of the energy out of the hot, high-pressure gases (which, unfortunately,  scorch  the missile quite badly).  Finally, the silo almost always requires weeks of maintenance and repair after launch.  For an  ICBM , one assumes that the silo isn't going to be around that long after a "real live" launch.  Similarly, for a space launch, one usually doesn't require two launches in a short time, so this is considered part of  the cost of doing business . 
 The website http://www. FAS .org credits the  Soviet  SS-8 as being the first hot launched silo-based missile.  Technically, anything launched off a  gantry  is also hot launched, but this is a trivial set of systems to include.  Under that definition, the  Space Shuttle  is hot launched--somewhat absurd, but technically true.  Hot launched systems are easier and cheaper to build, but are generally considered an intermediate step towards building a  cold launched  system, especially from a  military  perspective. 
 
 
 
 An adjective used to describe one way of getting the  missile  out of the  missile silo ; shockingly, it's the opposite of  hot launched .  During a cold launch, the missile doesn't ignite its  booster  until after it is well clear of the silo--usually the base of the missile is several meters above the lip of the silo.  "But how in the  hell ," you might ask, "does it  get  there?" 
 How the hell it gets there 
 At key-turn, a  pancake motor  is ignited inside the silo, below the missile to be launched.  Despite it being, essentially, a  discus  of  solid rocket fuel , it doesn't burn hot--it's formulated to burn very fast, instead: for all intents and purposes, to  sublimate  explosively.  The missile sits on top of this cloud of rapidly expanding gas.  Depending on the design, the missile is either sitting on a little stool called a " sabot " or it's wrapped in  Teflon -coated  foam  pads the size of  sofa   cushion s that serve to turn the missile into a  piston .  The expanding gas exerts tons of force over a very short time, and the missile pops out of the  silo  or launch  canister  like the cork out of a  champagne  bottle.  The  sabot  or  cushion s fly out of the silo, too and will usually be visible in launch photos, looking like a small  UFO  or  confetti , respectively. 
 " ...Explode into space! " 
 The rapid  acceleration  in the vertical direction arms the first  stage , but doesn't fire it.  The on-board  accelerometer s and  gyroscope s don't fire the first stage until the missile is well clear of the silo.  From a distance, you see smoke spurt from the mouth of the silo, the missile knifes up through it, and for a  magic  moment, it seems to hang in the air for seconds on end... then you blink and squint from finally seeing the flash of the booster's ignition. 
 Freshman  Engineer ing Major or other astute  Emperor's New Clothes  type: "But what happens if the booster, y'know... doesn't ignite?" 
 Jurph : "The missile or rocket falls back down onto the silo, and if it's a  liquid-fuel rocket , its  hypergolic  fuels almost certainly combine  en masse .  Duck.  If it's a  solid-fuel rocket , your odds are a little better, but, well... duck.  The  pancake motor  isn't hot enough to ignite the booster inside the silo, but if tons of solid fuel come cascading down onto it,  all bets are off ." 
 Cold Launched Systems 
 The  Peacekeeper  is the only  American  missile that is cold launched (not counting  SLBM s, which are all essentially cold launched), and it launches from a silo.  The  Russian s, however, have several systems that cold launch--some from silos ( SS-18 ), some from  TEL s ( SS-25 ), and some from  train s ( SS-24 ).  Many of these also have  spacelift  variants; despite the consequences of a launch failure, the willingness of customers to place a multi-million dollar satellite on the tip of a  cold launched  system is a testament to the method's reliability. 
 
 
 
 One of those  suffix es, like " in bed ", that can make almost anything sound a little less  wholesome  and a little more  perverted .   It's  trivial ly easy to insert into any conversation, but almost always accompanied by the prefix " I've got your ", as follows: 
 
"Where's the  salad bar ?" 
"I've got your salad bar...  right here ." 
 
"Was winning that  election  hard?" 
"I've got your hard election...  right here ." 
 
"Did you take my  homework ?" 
"I've got your homework... it's right here." 
 
 
 Note that those don't really sound that twisted--it's all in the  inflection .  You're trying to insinuate that whatever it is can be found in your  crotch  or  somewhere equally unpleasant , without ever actually gesturing towards it.  Try matching "right here" with the inflection used for the phrase " Aww Yeah ".  Yeah, now you've got my inflection... right here. 
 
 
 
 The act of  sandwich ing one's response emphatically between the word " sir " when addressing an  officer  or a superior to express enthusiasm.   The  canonical  example is "Sir, yes sir!".  It is most often heard in a training environment, as the real working military is, by and large, more laid-back about saying "sir" or "ma'am" after every sentence.  Depending what branch of the  military  one is in, sir-sandwiching may or may not be common practice. 
 The  Air Force , in general, does not train new  airmen  to use sir sandwiches.  The  Navy  teaches an extra  basic response  which is "Aye-aye, sir," which means "I will do whatever it is you told me to do".  For them, "Yes, sir" is the answer to a question; "Aye-aye, sir" is the answer to an order.  The  Marines  teach " HUA ," which isn't usually accompanied by any honorific--watch  Full Metal Jacket  again, and you'll hear a few sir sandwiches; watch  GI Jane  and you'll hear some  Hua 's.  I'm not up on current  Army  training, but I suspect they still use the sir sandwich, at least in basic training, and probably at  The Benning School for Boys .  I'm sure  karmaflux  will correct me if I'm wrong. :) 
 While it is often used, like  HUA , to show enthusiasm, it can also be used to tell a misguided superior that, yes, you're following their orders, but not because you think they're a  good idea .  If a  sergeant  ever sir-sandwiches an  officer  (especially a  lieutenant  in the field, the LT would be wise to take him aside and ask--offline--what he thought of the LT's command decisions, and if he had any suggestions at all to accomplish the mission more effectively. 
 And of course, in today's   military , we have ( God Bless America !)  women in uniform , and often as not, they outrank a man they work with, necessitating the more pleasantly curvaceous and less-fattening "ma'am sandwich."  Do not confuse these with sir sandwiches, or you will be doing  Gender Bender push-ups  for the rest of your natural life. 
 
 
 
 A great  rebel song  from  Ireland , that's not just about the  intolerance  the  English  have for the  Irish .  It's about all the world, all the problems, the one big problem.  The tune is in a minor key, and has the same plodding war-march tempo of  When the Levee Breaks  by  Led Zeppelin , which is appropriate; you can hear the outrage in his voice, especially when he stops the song to say "I hate you," at the end of the third verse.  Although it's played on  acoustic guitar  with what might be an  accordion , and a  bhodran  for percussion, it could be a road march for  bagpipes  just as easily, wandering slightly but staying strong on the main minor chord of the piece.  It's worth a listen, even if you're English. 
 
 
CHORUS 
'Cause any  Mick 'll do, any  black , any  Jew 
Any poor wee  bugger  who's not like you. 
They're down from the trees and they're up from the bogs; 
They come round here and they steal your job. 
 They're all the bloody same --just no' the same as you-- 
And when a  scapegoat 's what you need, 
 any  Mick 'll do. 
 
 Gerry Conlon  stood before the jury, 
Before the judge in his gown and his wig, 
And the whole damn country was sure he was guilty, 
Even though the evidence was rigged. 
And when it all came out, it was the old familiar shout: 
"He'll be guilty of something, sure as hell!" 
What's a  Paddy  more or less?  And anyway, he confessed, 
Stick him down in his cell, and his father as well  
 
CHORUS 
 
They told  Annie Maguire  she was a  bomber , 
She heard every expert witness testify 
That they'd found traces of  gelignite  upon her hands, 
And  British justice  would not be denied. 
And when they found they were wrong, it was the same old song: 
"She's a danger to us all if she's free." 
With every day that goes by, we're more committed to the lie, 
So just leave her be and throw away the key 
 
CHORUS 
 
I hate every  Jew  who kicks a  Palestinian , 
And every  Nazi  who ever kicked a  Jew 
I hate every stupid  bigot ed opinion 
And if you don't hate them too, then  I hate you . 
But what I hate most of all is the sheer damned  gall 
Of a system that never thinks twice 
About furthering a grudge with a jury and a judge 
And when they're loading the  dice , tell me who pays the price? 
 
CHORUS, x2 
 
 -- Brian McNeill 
 
 
 
For this project you'll need:
 
 1 large plastic  fishbowl  (8" diameter, small opening)
 several lengths of  Habitrail  tube, including at least one L- joint 
 any  Habitrail  layout,  hamster (s) optional but highly encouraged
 1/2" diameter  PVC  pipe, 6" length
 3/8" diameter  steel   pipe , 4" length
 fine wire-mesh screen, at least 3"x3"
 Soldering iron 
 caulk  or  hot glue 
 tobacco  or other  approved substance 
 1 bag  Doritos , 1 bag  sunflower seeds 
 
 Use the soldering iron to burn a 1/2" hole about 3/4 of the way up the side of the fishbowl.  Slide the PVC pipe into the hole about halfway and caulk or hot-glue it in place.  Attach 8" of  Habitrail  to the top of the fishbowl, and go over all of the seams, ensuring they are airtight with your caulk or hot glue.  Run a seam of caulk around the metal pipe and slide it into the PVC up to the hilt.  This is the  bong ; it can be used as any normal bong... but now, we'll make it a  hamster bong ! 
 Set up your  Habitrail  so there are two "arms" running off the layout.  One should run straight up, one should run horiztonally and end in the L-joint.  There should be no air leaks in the layout between the two openings, although if there are leaks that aren't directly between them (feeding grids, etc) that's okay.  Glue the wire-mesh screen in the tunnels so that the hamsters can't get free, but so that you retain the  modular ity--don't mess up the attachment points!  Check the seals, and let your  hamster  loose. 
 
Instructions for use: 
 Fill bong with  bong water --bonus points if you can sneak a  goldfish  in.
 insert  mari...  I mean,  tobacco , into the metal pipe, and light it.
 attach  hamster bong  to  Habitrail  tunnels
 inhale through vertical pipe
 eat  Doritos  & distribute  sunflower seeds  to hamster(s) to cure  munchies .
 talk to  hamster  about how great  Jimi Hendrix 's music was, and laugh at his witty and  eloquent  replies.  Damn, if you could only remember all the deep shit your hamster thought of when you were high...
 
 
 Disclaimer: this is a  bad idea  (tm), even if you like smoking from a  bong , and especially if you have a  hamster .  I don't even think it would work, but if it did, the flavor and chemical makeup of the fumes would  probably  be altered by the  rodent s, and it would  definitely  be rendered less-than-healthy by the  PVC .  I don't recommend trying it "just to find out." 
 
 
 
 We sat together at one summer's end, 
That beautiful mild woman, your close friend, 
And you and I, and talked of  poetry . 
I said, "A line will take us hours maybe; 
Yet if it does not seem a moment's thought, 
Our  stitching  and  unstitching  has been naught. -- William Butler Yeats ,  Adam's Curse 
 
 So,  if W.B. Yeats takes hours to write one good line with his friends' help, why can't you be bothered to?  If you do edit your own  poetry , or ask others for honest  grammatical  and structural critique, a thousand blessings on you; this write-up is not aimed at you or your well-crafted  sonnets .
 The title of this write-up is that phrase I hear from far too many would-be  poets .  You have to rewrite if you want your  poetry  not to  suck .  Yes, you do.  No, stop arguing with me.  You may feel  inspired , shat on by a  muse ,  at one with everything ... and maybe you are.  Nonetheless, the inspiration doesn't make the words come, just the feelings.  You and your gifted, soulful, pensive, mysterious brain, make the words that end up on the page.  But no matter how gifted you are, you aren't writing the best  poetry  you can if you just vomit it out onto the page and leave it there. 
 Let me get right to the hardest part.  Saying this is going to hurt me as much as it hurts you:  your radical ideas about being a gifted stream-of-consciousness poet have already occurred to others , and their  poetry  sucked on the first draft, too.  So did mine.  A lot of it still does. 
 Saul Bellow  said "you never have to change anything you got up in the middle of the night to write" -- and he's wrong.  All of the great  beat poets  rewrote their  poetry .  If you publicize your  poetry  before you've tried any rewriting, you're  not a poet : you're a  snake oil  salesman, trying to pass your disconnected, unfocused thoughts off as "deep" or "eccentric" or " Zen ".  Anyone with any appreciation for good poetry will read your  poem , see it for what it is, and say "I like it," or "it works," and leave it at that, silently pitying your self-importance. 
 So, what can you do about it?  Rewrite, rewrite, rewrite.  Some simple exercises that will make your poems better: 
 
 Stop writing and  read ten poems you've never read .  Then start with a blank sheet, and ignoring your first draft, write the  poem  again from scratch.  Strive for the same feeling and meaning.
 Rewrite a  poem  in  sonnet  form, or even  villanelle .
 Rewrite a  poem  using half the number of words in the original  poem .
 Rewrite it from another character's or object's  perspective .
 Rewrite it in the  future tense , or the  past tense .
 Rewrite it without using the words "the", "I", or "me".  Translating to  Russian  and back doesn't count.
 Trade  poems  with a friend.  Rewrite his or her work, then trade back and rewrite again.
 Last but not least, read up on the devices that make poetry poetic at The  English Poetry Metanode .  Try one you've never used in at least three versions of the same poem.
 
 One last thing... I'm not trying to tell anyone they suck.  I'm just telling you that if you're not rewriting, you can't call it a "work" of poetry--you didn't do any work!  I'm writing this node to anyone out there who is a younger version of myself, who has just discovered that his pen or typewriter can be attached directly to his brain and boom, really cool stuff with lots of line-breaks comes out. 
 Unfortunately, it's  not poetry .  At best, it's a draft, a stream-of-consciousness letter addressed to the author; at worst, it's bloated  prose  with extra line breaks (in other words, fermented elephant  feces ).  Before it can be called  poetry , it needs to become a purely distilled form of a moment, an emotion, the taste of a  kiss , a place, a dream, a person.  A total stranger should be able to read it and instantly understand that portion of who you are,  
 (without you sitting across from him or her in the  coffeehouse  drinking your  Starbuck's  and staring nervously at him or her and hinting that this may be your best work yet and pointing to a line that's vague and saying "do you like that line?" and looking at him or her with little innocent please-don't-tell-me-I-suck eyes).   He (or she) needs to get it all on their own, and never once feel like you are forcing it on them. 
 If you can do that in a first draft, then you don't need to rewrite your poems. 
 
 
 
 1 
In late  winter 
I sometimes glimpse bits of  steam 
coming up from 
some fault in the old snow 
and bend down close and see it is  lung -colored 
and put down my nose 
and know 
the chilly, enduring odor of  bear . 
 
 2 
I take a  wolf 's rib and  whittle 
it sharp at both ends 
and coil it up 
and freeze it in  blubber  and place it out 
on the  fairway  of the bears. 
 
And when it has vanished 
I move out on the bear tracks, 
roaming in circles 
until I come to the first, tentative,  dark 
splash on the earth . 
 
And I set out 
running, following the splashes 
of  blood  wandering over the world. 
At the cut, gashed resting places 
I stop and rest, 
at the crawl-marks 
where he lay out on his belly 
to overpass some stretch of  bauchy   ice 
I lie out 
dragging myself forward with bear-knives in my fists. 
 
 3 
 
On the third day I begin to starve, 
at  nightfall  I bend down as I knew I would 
at a  turd  sopped in blood, 
and hesitate, and pick it up, 
and thrust it in my mouth, and  gnash it down , 
and rise 
and go on running. 
 
 4 
 
On the seventh day, 
living by now on  bear   blood  alone, 
I can see his upturned carcass far out ahead, 
a scraggled, 
steamy  hulk , 
a heavy fur riffling in the wind. 
 
I come up to him 
and stare at the narrow-spaced,  petty  eyes, 
the dismayed 
face laid back on the shoulder, the nostrils 
flared, catching 
perhaps the first taint of me as he 
died. 
 
I  hack 
a  ravine  in his thigh, and eat and drink, 
and tear him down his whole length 
and  open him and climb in 
and close him up after me, against the wind, 
and sleep. 
 
 5 
 
And dream 
of lumbering flatfooted 
over the  tundra , 
stabbed twice from within, 
splattering a trail behind me, 
splattering it out no matter which way I lurch, 
no matter which  parabola  of bear-transcendence, 
which dance of solitude I attempt, 
which gravity-clutched leap, 
which  trudge , which  groan . 
 
 6 
 
Until one day I totter and fall -- 
fall on this 
stomach that has tried so hard to keep up, 
to digest the blood as it leaked inm 
to break up 
and digest the bone itself: and now the breeze 
blows over me, blows off 
the hideous belches of ill-digested bear blood 
and rotted stomach 
and the ordinary, wretched odor of bear, 
 
blows across 
my sore, lolled tongue a song 
or screech, until I think I must rise up 
and  dance .  And I lie still. 
 
 7 
 
I awaken I think.  Marshlights 
reappear,  geese 
come trailing again up the flyway. 
In her  ravine  under old snow the dam-bear 
lies, licking 
lumps of smeared fur 
and drizzly eyes into shapes 
with her tongue.  And one 
hairy-soled trudge stuck out before me, 
and the next groaned out, 
the next, 
the next, 
the rest of my days I spend 
wandering: wondering 
what, anyway, 
was that sticky infusion, that rank flavor of blood, that  poetry , by which 
 I lived? 
 
--  Galway Kinnell 
 
 
 
 In the tradition of  boastful ,  macho   construction workers , it's actually any  plank  with a 1.5" by 3.5"  cross-section .  When he tells you it adds up to  six inches , you'll know it's more like five. 
 All joking aside, this is your standard wooden  board , used for all sorts of things, available in  pine ,  cedar , or other  wood s,  salt treated ,  kiln  dried, or plain, and a variety of lengths.  Fortunately when you ask for an eight foot long two by four, you don't get seven and a half feet. 
 
And now, the only (and therefore, worst) joke about two by fours, properly told in a redneck accent: 
Q:    What's a two b' four? 
A:    T'play inna  polka  band. 
 
 
 
 I work for the US Government, so perhaps my view is skewed toward  cynicism , but in my experience, this  buzzword  can be used as an accurate  barometer  of a meeting's relevance to the  real world --the proportions are, not surprisingly, inverse.   Here's how it works.  If, in a meeting, you hear the word "paradigm" 
 once, someone is dodging a tough question--you can stay in the meeting with no fear.
 twice, something might be up.  Take two dimes out of your pocket and place them on the table in front of you.  Look around for others who are in on the conspiracy.  Try not to laugh.
 thrice, someone is  full of shit --ignore them.
 four times, the meeting is not really informational: someone is trying to sell  something --accept as truth the opposite of what they say, and take  copious notes .
 five times, not only is the speaker  full of shit , but the  managers  in the audience don't know any better--if you have the power to do so, end the meeting then and there.  If not, do your best to leave.  If this is impossible, work carefully to decipher their hidden agenda, and be ready to brief your  office  on it so they can dodge the  sketchy   proposal .
 six times, you're living in a  Dilbert  cartoon or a US Gov't. contracting meeting.  Consider  suicide  or a prolonged bathroom break.
 seven or more times,  there's only one way out .  Retreat to your cubicle, make 100 copies of your resume, steal some company letterhead to forge recommendations on, and  evacuate .
 
If you hear the phrase " paradigm shift " or "a new  paradigm ", it counts double.  Act accordingly.  Remember: many brave  engineer s died to bring us this information.  Don't say I didn't warn you. 
 
 
 
 The enclosed was found in the  mail  or has been damaged in handling in the  Postal Service  (whichever is applicable to the enclosed). 
 We are fully aware that the  mail  you receive is important to you.  Realizing this, each  employee in the Postal Service  is making every effort to  expeditiously  handle, without  damage , each piece of  mail  with which the  USPS  is entrusted.   Nevertheless, an occasional mishap will occur . 
 The Postal Service handles approximately 177  billion  pieces of mail each year.  It is necessary, therefore, that highly sophisticated  mechanical/electrical systems  be utilized by the Postal Service to ensure our customers prompt delivery of their  mail .  At times a  malfunction  will occur, the result of which is a  damaged piece of mail . 
 We are constantly striving to improve our processing methods to that  these incidences  will be eliminated.  You can help greatly in our efforts if you will continue to  properly prepare  and address each letter or  parcel  that you enter into the mail stream. 
 We appreciate your cooperation and understanding and sincerely regret any inconvenience you have experienced. 
 
Sincerely, 
Your  Postmaster 
 
 This is the text on the outside of a clear plastic bag into which the US Postal Service places damaged mail--not only is it  courteous  and grammatically beautiful, but it contains several completely useless but nonetheless interesting facts.  My favorite part, however, is that my postmaster regrets  any  inconvenience I may have experienced.  Okay, my favorite part was that out of 177 billion pieces of mail, the USPS mangled my pre-approved credit card. 
 
 
 
 "Shall we roll it,  Jimmy ?" 
"We're rolling on, what, one?" 
"Not one again! (laughs)" 
"Gotta get this  aeroplane  off." 
"Nah,  leave it , yeah." 
   
 
 Imagine driving a  steamroller  down a flight of stairs with a big microphone dangling in front of it.  Imagine the desire of every two-year-old to beat on pots and pans, the intense  tribal  fury of a harvest  bonfire  dance, the cool perfection with which  Neo  swats aside the agent's blows at the end of  The Matrix .  Now put on  Led Zeppelin 's 1975 album  Physical Graffiti , and listen to this track.  Around the 1:33 mark, you will understand why  John Bonham  is the most-sampled drummer ever. 
 Jimmy Page  plays a fairly simple picked blues riff on his guitar, and I'm guessing that's  Robert Plant  backing him up on  mandolin --I could easily have them switched.  Then with almost no warning, those  drums .  The descending scale gains a strummed feel, and as soon as Bonham decides to mix it up a little, the song cuts a little more loose and Plant starts to sing like the beast he is.  Once the  harmonica  cuts in at about 3:10, the song gets as authentic  delta blues  as four white guys from  Great Britain  can make it.  Which is to say, quite a bit, except for the bit about them not being from  America . 
 Oh, and I've no idea where the  Black Country  is, but listen to those lyrics--if a girl tells you she's from there, forget her. 
 
 
                    Hey, hey, mama, what's the matter here? Hey, hey, mama, what's the matter here? 
                    
                    You didn't have to tell me that you love me so; 
                    You didn't have to love me, mama, let me go.  
                    Hey, hey, mama, what's the matter here?  
                    You didn't have to make me a total disgrace!  
                    You didn't have to leave me with that  beer  in my face!  
                    Hey, hey, mama, what's the matter here?  
                    That's alright, it's awful  doggone  clear.  
 
                    Hey, hey, baby, why you treat me mean?  Hey, hey, baby, why you treat me mean?  
{drums!}
 
                    You didn't have to  crucify  me like you did!  
                    You didn't have to tell me I was just your kid!  
                    Hey, hey, mama, why'd you treat me mean?  
                    You didn't have say you'd always be by my side--  
                    Y' didn't have to tell me you'd be my  blushing bride !  
                    Hey, hey, mama, why you treat me mean?  
                    But that's alright, I know your sisters, too... 
 
                    You didn't have to tell me that you love me so! 
                    You didn't have to leave me, mama, let me go!  
                    Hey, hey, mama, what is wrong with you?  
                    You didn't have to leave me like a total disgrace! 
                    You didn't have to leave me with that beer on my face!  
                    Hey, hey, mama, what is wrong with you?  
                    But that's alright, I'd be the same way, too...  
 
                    You didn't have to crucify me like you did! 
                    You didn't have to tell me I was just your kid!  
                    Hey, hey, mama, what's the matter here?  
                    You didn't have to tell me you would be my own--  
                    You didn't have to tell me, baby, then let me go.  
                    Hey, hey, mama, what is wrong with you?  
                    That's alright, I know your sister, too.  
 
 bluesy breakdown-- ad lib  over last strains of mandolin: 
                    What's the matter with you, mama? 
 
 
 
 Ah, one of the rare  piano  showpieces from  Led Zeppelin 's 1975 album  Physical Graffiti .   Ian Stewart  (aka " Stu ") plays a wicked  honky-tonk  style piano,  Robert Plant  croons and doubtless swivels his pelvis a la  Elvis .  The lyrics are simple  Memphis  flavor blues, but instead of  B.B. King  on a wailing electric to offset the driving piano and  John Bonham 's force-of-nature drumming (which he reins in on this one),  Jimmy Page  picks out a simple  descant  on what sounds like a  mandolin . 
 Once again,  Led Zeppelin  strikes pay dirt; if you like this track, leave the record, tape, or CD on for more of the same (and  IMHO  a bit better) with  Black Country Woman . 
 
Lyrics: 
 
Been in town, my baby, We just got to rock on  
Yeah, darling, we just got to go home  
 I don't want no  tutti frutti , no  lollipop : 
 Come on, baby, just  rock ,  rock ,  rock . 
 
 Yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah, honey  
  We've been shakin' all night  
  Oh, darlin', we just got to roll right  
  Ooh, my head... rock on.  
 
 Hey babe, hey babe...   
 
                    I don't want no  tutti-frutti , no  lollipop !  
                    Come on baby, just  rock ,  rock ,  rock !  
 
 
 
 It's black, with white writing on the front that says, in scrawled letters: 
 
 Cat: the other white meat 
 
 My girlfriend got it for me, most likely at  Hot Topic , because of my fascination with the idea that I was  reincarnated  from my last life as a  golden retriever  into my current more-or-less  bipedal   humanoid  form.  Yes, I like to chase cats, and yes, I like raw meat, and yes, if I can't figure out what to do with something, I will probably end up chewing on it.  But that's not the point here. 
 The point is that I went to a mall a few weeks ago, and I was wearing the aforementioned garment.  While I was in  Pacific Sunwear , the clerk mentioned that he thought that shirt was "really funny... you know, in that sorta cute but sick way."  No way you can describe it, I guess, but I suspected I was being hit on.  A friend who was with me suspected the same thing, but we were willing to give him the benefit of the doubt--maybe he was just outspoken and friendly, like I usually am. 
 We blew it off, but about ten minutes later, a guy who was in line at  Abercrombie and Fitch  looked over at my shirt and giggled, and then grabbed his friend's elbow, and when his friend read the shirt, he giggled, too.  These guys both looked vaguely  German --short spiky $50 hair, narrow rectangular glasses, turtlenecks, and just very  hip --so maybe they were just appreciating a gag in a different language.  One gestured to his chest, underlining imaginary words with a fingertip, and smiled coyly; universal mime-speak for "the words on your shirt are funny," or maybe German mime-speak for "I'd like to slice your torso into 8" thick slices like a large human  bratwurst ."  We'll assume he meant the former, since the guy who was with me--Jason--caught it, too.  Besides, Mr.  Teutonic   fashion plate  didn't appear to have a knife with him, nor did his friend. 
 As Jason and I discussed this coincidence, walking past an escalator, a guy walked up to me off the escalator and shook my hand.  He paired it with a friendly "Hi," and then pointed to my shirt, and said "I don't get it man.  What's it mean?" 
"Well... it's cat.  The other white meat." 
"So, like, a house cat?" 
"Yeah.  I guess." 
"Why is cat the other white meat?" 
"Well, it's like that  pork  commercial: you know, pork, the other white meat.  Only it's cat instead of pig." 
"Oh.  Oh, I get it.  Ha ha ha!  That's a funny shirt, man.  Funny.  So, do you, like... eat them?" 
"Oh, yeah.  They're great with  ketchup ." 
 I was still walking, and I guess I broke eye contact with him, because he wasn't there anymore.   I'm certainly willing to write that one off as me not actually getting hit on, except that Jason said it probably was.  That guy could've been high or  clueless ... I'm sure he could have been. 
 Still, it remains that I got hit on 3 times in one afternoon, by 3 different guys, because I was wearing a  mildly humorous  shirt that my girlfriend gave me!  Given that I'm not gay, I'd say that's a bit of what  Alanis Morissette  would utterly fail to recognize as  irony . 
 
 So is it a code-phrase?  I've got a few gay friends, and none of them can figure it out.  The shirt isn't a tight fit--that's the first question everyone asks.  Other than that, well... I'm flattered, but I've got a  girlfriend , guys.  Someone clue me in to what I'm doing to attract guys, please?  Better yet--do any of you straight girls out there have a shirt that gets you hit on by girls?  I'd be happy to trade you... 
 
 
 
 Back before  Jinmyo  took the oh-so-sensible action of correcting this node's title, it was " a capella ."  No big deal, right?  One letter difference can't change " a cappella " that much! 
 Well, it does. In  English , a  desert  is very different from a  dessert , isn't it?  But I digress.  I don't ordinarily node spelling errors, but for this one, I had to.  You see, I learned this particular mistake  the hard way : I made 200 posters for the  Mental Notes , a college  a cappella  group, and handed them to the president of the group, who spoke  Italian .  She laughed for a moment, until she realized how many I'd printed.  It  is  amusing--the literal translation of "a capella" is "of (or with) a hat".  The other common typo, "a capela", means "of/with capela", which is a type of pasta (think  capellini , which are small capelas). 
 To clarify: 
 The Village People  are  "a capella".
 The cast of  Iron Chef  is "a capela", and if wearing their hats, also "a capella".
 The  Mental Notes  are "a cappella" unless there are hats or pasta onstage... which happens more often than you'd think. 
 
 Many thanks to  Jinmyo  for going through the hassle of changing the stripes on this  tyger . 
 
 
 
  A wonderful school-specific  parody  of  We Didn't Start the Fire  sung by the  Cornell  University  Cayuga's Waiters .  They're an all-male  a cappella  group whose name is a pun on a phrase from Cornell lore-- Cayuga 's Waters.  I didn't go to Cornell, so I don't know if Cayuga is a lake, a river, or an incontinent  professor ... but the song is funny. 
 {{ addendum : thanks to the many users who simultaneously /msg'ed me-- Cayuga  is a lake. }} 
 More accurately, it's a parody of going to school at Cornell, set to  Billy Joel 's great tune.  It is sung  a cappella , with no  vocal percussion , but the recording I found of their performance (the one I'm getting the lyrics from) sounds like there's-- gasp !--an acoustic guitar playing in the background... but we'll cut them some slack because, well, the song is really funny, even if you don't get the  inside joke s. 
 
Lyrics: 
 
 Harry Truman ,  Doris Day , Red  China ,  Johnny Ray , 
 South Pacific ,  Walter Winchell ,  Joe DiMaggio . 
 Joe McCarthy ,  Richard Nixon ,  Studebaker ,  Television , 
 North Korea ,  South Korea ,  Marilyn Monroe . 
 
 Dragon Days ,  Superman , Tiegel Hall,  Big Red Band , 
 Hunter Rawlings , Ivy Room, too much beer, there goes my  kyoom ... 
Dijon Burger, blue light, come home hammered every night, 
Manos' Diner, Theory Center, pukin in your dorm room. 
 
We didn't go to  Harvard ! 
Well, it's not our style, plus we don't wear  argyle . 
We didn't go to Harvard! 
But upon reflection, it's 'cause we have no connections. 
We didn't go to Harvard! 
No, we're not that cocky, and they can't play  hockey .  (ooooooh) 
 
 Magic Johnson  comes to town,  workers took the pumpkin down , 
 Rockefeller , auto-teller, fun in the sun, 
Day Hall, VBR, what the hell's a  Whiskey Bar ?  
Dunbar's,  Rulloff's,  Cornell Daily Sun . 
 Penn  sucks, so does  Brown ,  CT Jammers  comes to town, 
 Baker Tower , Uris Hall, take a bus to Pyramid Mall, 
Co-op, stealing fruit, grossed out by the  fork chute . 
 Freshman chicks , party mix, look at all those bouncing  tits ! 
 
We didn't go to Harvard! 
No, we don't like crimson, 'cause we didn't get in. 
 
Randy Stevens, Riley Robb, drive around in daddy's  Saab , 
State Street Diner,  Huey Lewis , thirty feet of snow. 
 Poco Loco , stacks at Olin,  Taco Bell , Ides for bowling, 
North campus, west campus,  aggie s learn to  hoe . 
 
College town, Friday night? Read a book by  E.B. White 
Drink all night, sleep all day, don't let classes in the way, 
Louie's Lunch kinda sucks, wait in line at  Hot Truck , 
 Cornell night , slope days.  No, the waiters aren't  gay ! 
Course exchange,  add/drop  form, there's no drinking in the dorm 
Mommy says, "Wear your  fleece ! Sign a real expensive lease!" 
Six o'clock,  Bell Tower , get into an after-hours, 
Fake ID, take it away, what else do I have to say? 
 
We didn't go to Harvard! 
No we're not complaining, but it's always raining. 
So we go to Cornell, 
it's in the middle of nowhere, but we really don't care. 
Here we are at Cornell! 
We don't go to classes, we just sit on our asses. 
Here we are at Cornell: 
{spoken} - Such Diversity in One University! 
Here we are at Cornell,  
and when we are gone, it will still go on and on and on and on and on.... 
 
 
 
If any of you are Waiters or Waiter alums, or even Cornell people who recognize a bit of your school in the gibberish I've transcribed above, I'd love a /msg letting me know about any inaccuracies in these lyrics.  Better yet,  node what you know !  I've hard linked stuff that I'll never be able to explain... help me! 
 If any of you are in  Goucher   Red Hot Blue , your off-campus performance of  We Didn't Go To Hopkins  at last semester's  Mental Notes  post-show party knocked me off my feet, even though I'd heard the Cornell version.   JHU  isn't the only school in  Baltimore  with an  a cappella group , and you showed it!  Please, please, please, post your excellent lyrics--I made you a  nodeshell ,  just add content ! 
 
 
 
 File under  classic rock , or maybe  folk , or possibly  ballad s... I know--file under "songs the DJ can put on when he needs to go to the bathroom and the ones in his building are out of order".  Crosby, Stills, Nash, and Young  outdid themselves on this one.  It has four major sections, and goes on at least as long as  Stairway to Heaven  or  Bohemian Rhapsody , and in the grand tradition of such songs, it spirals into a rocking flammable  jam mable pace at the end, which in concert would almost certainly last more than ten minutes.  
 The sections are as follows: "A" is a rolling guitar-driven tune with  tambourine  and  bongos  for percussion, sung almost like a hymn, with the long lines in harmony and the short lines solo.  "B" slows way down and includes  cymbals  and the rest of the drums in the kit.  It is sung almost entirely in harmony, except for "can I tell it like it is," which is solo.  "C" is structured like a  limerick  in meter, but doesn't quite match the traditional rhythm of one.  The tune is faster and brighter, and each stanza is built up from a solo first line to full 4-part  harmony  by the fourth line.  Then BOOM, you're in "D", and everyone sings the "doo doo"'s except the soloist--Crosby?--who sings in  Espanol  and laughs maniacally, which is really the highlight of the song, in my humble opinion.  But then if I keep extolling the tune, I'll never get to the lyrics, and man are there a lot of 'em.  Three lyrics that are conspicuously absent: the words " Judy ", " blue ", and " eyes ". 
 
 
 *={A}=* 
 
It's getting to the point where I'm no fun anymore. 
I am sorry. 
Sometimes it hurts so badly, I must cry out loud: 
I am lonely. 
 
CHORUS A: 
I am yours, 
you are mine, 
You are what you are, 
and you make it hard. 
 
Remember what we've said, and done, and felt about each other. 
The great have mercy. 
Don't let the past remind us of what we are not now. 
I am not grieving. 
 
CHORUS A 
 
Tearing yourself away from me now, you are free, 
and I am crying. 
This does not mean I do not love you. I do: that's forever, 
yes, and for always. 
 
CHORUS A 
 
Something inside is telling me that I've got your secret. 
Are you still listening? 
Fear is the lock, and laughter the key to your heart, 
and I love you. 
 
CHORUS A with repeated last line x4 
 
 *={B}=* 
 
Friday evening, Sunday in the afternoon:  
 what have you got to lose ? 
Tuesday morning, please  begone , I'm tired of you:  
what have you got to lose? 
 
Can I tell it like it is? Listen to me baby! It's my heart that's set to die, 
that's what I've got to lose. 
 
I've got an answer: I'm going to fly away. 
What have I got to lose? 
Will you come see me Thursdays and Saturdays? 
What have you got to lose? 
 
 *={C}=* 
 
 Chestnut  brown canary, 
 Ruby-throated sparrow , 
sing the song 
don't be long, 
thrill me to the  marrow ! 
 
Voices of the angels 
ring around the moonlight, 
asking me, said 
"She's so free, 
how can you catch the sparrow?" 
 
Lacy lilting lyric, 
Losing love lamented, 
Change my life! 
Make it right! 
Be my lady! 
 
 *={D}=* 
 
Doodoodoo doodoo, doo doo doo-doodoo-doo! 
Doodoodoo doodoo, doo doo doo-doo! 
{repeat with these  Spanish  lyrics} 
Que linda me la traiga Cuba  
La reina de la Mar Caribe  
Cielo sol no tiene sangreahi  
Y que triste que no puedo vaya  
Oh va, oh va, va!  
 
 
 
 The Spanish translates roughly as: "How beautiful the Queen of the Caribbean Sea that brings me to Cuba... the sky and the sun don't have (something about blood?), and how sad that I can't go.  Oh, go, oh go, go...!"  Maybe it was better to leave it in Spanish.
 
 
 
 A great song to  bump and grind  to, by the immortal--no, honestly,  Keith Richards is never going to die -- Rolling Stones , from their album  Bridges to Babylon .  It has some great lyrics, but there's also the traditional things that make a Stones song totally groove out:  electric guitar  played in that sparse Stones style, like it was dipped in  sex  and  lighter fluid ,  Mick Jagger   strut ting (yes, if you listen, you can hear him strut, even in the studio track...), and  percussion  so tight it makes  Britney Spears ' computer jealous.  How's  that  for  Satisfaction , you little  pop tart ? 
 
Oh yeah, here are the lyrics: 
 St. Paul  the persecutor was a cruel and evil man; 
 Jesus  hit him with a blinding light and then his life began,  I said yeah.... I said yeah.
 Augustine  knew temptation, he loved  women, wine, and song , 
and all the special pleasures of doing something wrong. 
 I said yeah, oh, I said yeah. 
 
CHORUS: 
I said yeah, Oh yeah, oh yeah: you'll never make a  saint  of me! (x2) 
 
And could you stand the torture, and could you stand the pain? 
Could you put your faith in  Jesus  when you're burning in the flames? 
 I said yes, MMMMMMMmmmmmmm.... 
I do  believe in miracles , and I wanna save my soul, 
and I know that I'm a  sinner , I'm gonna die out in the cold, 
 I said yes, I said yeah... 
 
CHORUS 
 
I thought I heard an angel cry.... 
I thought I saw a teardrop fallin' from his eye. 
Mmmmmmm-hmmmmmmmmmmm....  hua . 
 
 John the Baptist  was a martyr, and he stood up  Herod 's hate, 
'til  Salome  got a wish, she had him served him on a plate... 
CHORUS 
 
I thought I heard an angel cry... 
I thought I saw a teardrop fallin' from his eye. 
I thought I saw an angel cry. 
 
CHORUS (out) 
 
 
 
 It was the first time I'd been to  Chicago , but I've been the center of  Delaware  and  Baltimore  before.  I was a  wolf  among the fold, an  atom bomb  detonated in a  Grand Canyon  full of soap bubbles frozen in  liquid nitrogen .  I know, that doesn't work, the bubbles pop before you can freeze them, but I don't care, I was there and that was the feeling, almost exactly. 
 Every  taxi  that passed me caused another one, blocks away, to slingshot by in the other direction, perfectly preserving the city's  momentum --I don't know how I know this, but I do.  Every painting and sculpture in the  Art Institute of Chicago  was staring at me as I passed--even the wall-sized canvas covered in nothing but black--but they didn't dare meet my gaze.  The  pigeon s listened to me when I whispered the word "fly," and swarmed around my head like a dirty halo. 
 I slipped through the crowds on the street like a  katana  through a silk scarf.  I made electric eye contact with every person I saw, and breathing the cold air recharged me like some walking  lightning rod .  I saw a man wearing a  sandwich board  that said  REAL WAR: Civilization Threatened!! , and I talked to him, and he may have been right, but I was never in any danger.  I squinted my eyes, bared my teeth, and flexed every muscle in my upper body, half-expecting the city to bend around me like  The Matrix  around  Neo .  I let my eyes drift out of focus like you do when you're staring at a  stereograph , and the crowds of people resolved into two blurry masses with a long, narrow aisle winding down the center for me to walk through. 
 For almost 24 hours, I felt dangerous, alive, plugged in,  high voltage  and high  current , intensely aware of every little sensation, spotlit, and, well... like I was Chicago's  center of gravity , and everyone and everything in the city swirled around me like a  wrecking ball  spinning on top of a tiny blue diamond. 
 
 ...and I have no idea why, and when I think too much about it, it makes me feel scared and small. 
 
 
 
 I use one of two methods for creating a  Mix Tape : I go with a themed mix, or a  variety pack .  A variety pack is simply trying to use no more than one song by any one band in the course of the mix.  My mix  theme s include: 
 
 Almost No Lyrics Theme - featuring  Phish ,  Garcia / Grisman ,  Dave Brubeck ,  REM , and any other band that's ever released an instrumental track.  I use a track with one or two words, like  TMBG 's song  Minimum Wage , somewhere in the middle so that I can call the mix "2 words" or "6 words" or  what have you .
 Free Association Theme - Every song has something to do with the one before it and the one after it.  A good example would be  Red House Painters '  Another Song For a Blue Guitar  into  Led Zeppelin 's  Bron Yr Aur  into  Screeching Weasel 's  I Hate Led Zeppelin , into a song about screeching or weasels... etc.
 Dr. Jekyll  & Mr. B-Side - Do this on a tape or on two CDs.  Side A or Disc One can be originals, and Side B or Disc Two can be  cover songs ; a good B-Side would be  ska  covers, or  bluegrass  covers (well, I guess it depends on your definition of "good"...).  Alteratively, you can pair off songs like  Dar Williams ' and  Leonard Cohen 's "Alleluia", or  Tori Amos ' "Winter" and the  Crash Test Dummies ' "Winter Song".  Two songs with the same title... but they're definitely not the same!
 Title Theme - my favorite one of these was inspired by  They Might Be Giants , who produced an album called  State Songs  whose song titles were all names of American states.  Without using their ready-made songs, I tried to make a mix whose track list was composed of state names.  By stretching the boundaries, you could include " Meet Virginia " by  Train , and " Californication " by the  Red Hot Chili Peppers .
 
 Anyhow, I like to think these themes make my mixes a little more interesting.  As always, good  segue s are the key--if you've got a nice movie quote or other sample, use it!  If a song doesn't fit your theme, but it's perfect after one of the other songs on your mix, include it; if it makes you feel better, you can leave it off the liner notes. 
 
 As always, if you'd like a copy of one of my mixes, e-mail me or /msg me, and I'll see what I can do. 
 
 
 
 Military   Acronym : Supression of Enemy Air Defenses, pronouced "seed" or (rarely) "see-add".  This usually implies destruction of the target; if you're just  jamming  their  radar , the mission is referred to as  ECM  or  EW --Electronic Countermeasures or Electronic Warfare.  To "suppress" a  SAM  site, one usually requires  anti-radiation  missiles like America's  HARM  or the  Russian  Raduga Kh-15 ( NATO  name: AS-16  KICKBACK ).  One usually wants to be flying something maneuverable like an  F-4  or an  EA-6B Prowler , because the mission is basically to attack a mousetrap with a mouse: the target that you're trying to "suppress" is equally eager to suppress you, too, and better-equipped to do so in many cases.  SEAD missions are all about good planning, good  intelligence , and good luck. 
 
 
 
 Picture a  paperboy  in the  Great Depression  wearing a sign that engulfs his body, blaring out the headline.   Picture  Bruce Willis  in  Die Hard with a Vengeance , wearing a sign that says (essentially), "I hate blacks," in  Harlem . 
 Picture anyone  wearing  a sign.  A pair of large panels with bold writing, and a pair of straps for over one's shoulders.  You become a  walking billboard .  Your  freedom of speech  is amplified.  Your  message  is, at once, more and less credible. 
 That's a sandwich board.  Before you dismiss anyone wearing one as  crazy , ponder their message, and take a moment to appreciate the  First Amendment .  You don't see many sandwich boards with  deviant  thoughts in  Belarus  or  China . 
 
 
 
 I went to  Chicago  for the first time this weekend.  It's a wonderful city, don't get me wrong.  But as I walked along the  Magnificent Mile  Monday, in the single-digit winter air, right out in front of  Kenneth Cole , I came across something that disturbed me.  An older man was walking up and down  Michigan Avenue  in the famous Chicago wind, wearing a  sandwich board  that said the following: 
 
 REAL WAR: Civilization Threatened!! Fake  Air Traffic Control  Computer Failures are merely cover for  RUSSIAN   
TROOP LANDINGS  !!! 
NEVERTHELESS, you outnumber them thousands to one!!! 
 ARM UP!!!  Fly the Flag with Pride !!!! 
 and on the back... Are the many  RUSSIAN  soldiers I see on these streets traveling from  concealed  bases in our  national parks ?!! 
Protect the real  Secretary of the Interior  from being replaced by a RUSSIAN impersonator!!!
 Employ Periodic  DNA  Tests Throughout Gov't. !!! 
 
 I took photos of this sandwich board, because I work for the  government , and because I have more than a passing interest in  conspiracy theories  about the Russians, but also because I wanted to remember the words.  Before I did, I talked to him, though. 
He was amazingly  lucid .  The entire time we spoke, I was struck by how perfectly normal he was.  He was wearing all black, including a hooded  Unabomber -style sweatshirt, black  sneakers , dark grey mittens.... and he looked like  Tommy Lee Jones , only a little older.  He was so calm, so certain.
"Hey, what's up?" I asked. 
"Russians.  The end of the  American   way of life .   Our national parks are bases for an invasion from within ," he said.  His eyes squinted, and his bushy eyebrows made them almost disappear. 
"Wow.  That's rough."  I tried to prod him for more information, to find out if he really believed... he did.
"Do you see any Russians now?" 
"Yes." 
"Don't point, I don't want you to point them out... but about how many?" 
He paused, and without turning his head, his eyes swept the bustling crowd.  "Maybe fifty in sight right now.   Maybe more ." 
"Damn," I said, "that'll really make you stop and think." 
"At least you  can  think.  They don't have that luxury.  They're following orders--not allowed to think.  That's what they want to do." 
I asked a few more questions, took a picture of each side of his sandwich board, and bid him good luck. 
 He didn't ask for money.  He didn't make any references to  Red Dawn , or  Dr. Strangelove , or  Men In Black , or  orbital mind control lasers .  He didn't want me to read a  pamphlet  or  buy a sticker .  He just wanted to spread the word: the Russians (he never said the word " Soviet ") are out to destroy us from within.  And when I got into work Tuesday, I found out that we had caught  Robert Philip Hanssen , one of our own  FBI  agents, working for the Russians. 
 
If you know who this man is, or if you've talked to him, too, post here or /msg me.  Oh, and um... Arm up.   Fly the flag with pride .
 
 
 
 Delicious .  Fittingly, also a death wish. 
 These are slices of  potato  about a half-inch square in cross-section, deep fried in  peanut oil .  These are served to you by a local teenager working for  minimum wage , who is happy to serve you something that may actually contain more oil than his skin.  You can buy them at any  boardwalk  in America; the more  hip  the town and the farther the ocean, the less likely you are to get the real deal.  Shoot for a town that attracts  blue collar  tourists, and you're guaranteed to hit it dead on.   Ocean City, MD  has  Thrasher's , which caters to the tourists from  Baltimore  (as opposed to the white collar suburbs of  Washington DC ), and it's a great place to start.  I recommend slathering them in any or all of the following: 
 
 Salt
 Old Bay 
 Vinegar
 A-1 Steak Sauce
 Cayenne  Pepper
 
 Thou Shalt Not Use  Ketchup . 
 It's worth noting that boardwalk fries bear a resemblance to  french fries  in the same way that a  dire wolf  bears a resemblance to a  dachshund : they are bigger, they are arguably much more  aesthetically pleasing  and they can kill you. 
 "Boardwalk Fries" is also (tragically) the name of a  Gap ified  food court  staple.  Sadly for the  midwest , these do not contain anything resembling boardwalk fries.  Dachshunds and  Shih Tzu s, every one of 'em. 
 
 
 
 So I was in my  hometown  some five summers ago, getting some deliciously fattening  boardwalk fries  for dinner.  See, I live in a beach town, and one of the few benefits of opening your life to an invasion of  tourist s is that the food is super yummy--and cheap if you're a  local .  The down side is that my  idyllic  little town gets turned into a long-range  suburb  of  Washington DC , with all the traffic and uptight  yuppie s and insanely selfish greed directed toward relaxing.  Yes: aggressively seeking vacation and peace.  Viciously carving out a spot in line and holding it no matter the cost.  Any line, as long as they get their piece of peace before I do, because,  fuck it , they paid to be here! 
 But I  digress .  Most of them are nice.  It's just that the ones who are too stressed, well... I like to  fuck with people .   And they're such  juicy  targets. 
 So, like I said, I was getting some fries.  A woman--I'll call her Serena, because she was obviously at peace with herself--is screaming to her two spoiled and amazingly undisciplined kids, aged 5-ish and 7-ish: "Don't you move a muscle!  Don't move!  NO! Don't!  I'll be RIGHT BACK!"  She turns her back, and the 7-year-old, obviously enthralled with his job as  big brother  and  role model  to the younger, begins singing the following  mantra  loudly, proudly, and obnoxiously, with one foot planted: 
"I'm moooo-ving! I'm moooo-ving! I'm really really moooo-ving!" 
 The younger brother, amazingly quick on the uptake, begins to ape his older brother.  I took a long look at them, and then I picked up my fries.  I was waiting in a short line for the condiments:  vinegar ,  Old Bay ,  salt ... you know the drill.  Next to me was the substantial line for fries.  Serena comes right up to the counter, throwing elbows like  Charles Barkley , and catches the clerk's attention and begins trying to order, to the extremely vocal dismay of the other customers.  I exited stage left, and took my place near the wee tykes. 
 With my best concerned-adult look (which I had to basically make up--I was a teenager), I leaned down to eye level with the older kid.  I told him and his brother, in an ordinary voice, that they should probably hold still--their mother, had after all, told them to.  Then, in my  Army of Darkness  demonic voice, I added "...and if you don't,  I'll swallow your soul !"  A favored him with a broad smile, got a good look at his panicked face (I think his brother missed it all!), and walked around a corner and through a small shopping area.  I sat down to enjoy my fries, laughing a little at the small nuggets of chaos and order I had injected into the scene.  They had, after all, held perfectly still as I walked away.  I figured he wouldn't be able to lead Serena back to me, given my circuitous route... but I was wrong! 
 He was amazingly resourceful, and I was caught... dragging his very angry-looking mother toward me, pointing a finger of blame.  Mom was carrying the five-year-old and the fries.  She spoke curtly to me, spitting out every word: 
"Did you just talk to my children?" 
What could I say?  "Yes, ma'am." 
"And what did you say?" 
 "I told them that if they kept acting like that, someone would see that their mother wasn't there, and they might get followed, or stolen."  I tried to emphasize the weak rhyme at the end, and knew, in my  heart of hearts , that I was caught.  I smiled wanly. 
Serena smiled back, visibly relieved, all flowers and sunshine.  Did I...?  Did she... believe me?
 "Oh!  I think they misunderstood you.  I'm sorry." 
 They walked away.  The seven-year-old looked back my way, and I surprised him with the most purely evil grimace of Satanic glee I could manage. 
 
DISCLAIMER: 
  If you were that mother, it wasn't actually me.  I made this whole story up, and you will never find me anyway, because I don't live at the beach anymore. 
 
If you were that kid, I'm sorry if I scared you.  You were being a little  shit , but in retrospect, it was a little cruel of me. 
  If you're a parent, I understand that this would probably outrage you if I did it to your kid, but if you're not an absolutely self-centered asshole when you're on vacation, you have absolutely nothing to fear.  I've pulled kids out of the path of oncoming cars in my town... cars driven by people who feel compelled to drive city-style in my tiny town, like Serena probably still does.  Please don't flame me to defend your kids' sanity. 
 If your name is  Serena , I'm sorry for attaching such an otherwise beautiful name to someone so awful. 
 
 
 
 
 There's also the  NATO  system for naming  Warsaw Pact  and other enemy  military  hardware.  Typically a system is known both by its manufacturer (or for  Soviet Union  hardware, its  design bureau ), part number, and a NATO designation that tells you what it does in a backhanded sort of way.  In intelligence literature, the NATO designation is usually in all capital letters. 
 Aircraft 
For aircraft, the name has several important keys.  The number of syllables tells you the propulsion type--one for propeller, two for jet--and the first letter tells you the main mission.  If you're familiar with the names of the various design  bureaux , you can usually name the maker, but that's only good for  brownie point s.  Some airframes can have more than one name--the  Il-76  is known as the  CANDID , but in its air-refueling configuration, it's known as the  MIDAS .  With additional antennae, it's known as the  MAINSTAY !  The NATO designation lets you know what mission that particular bird was built for.  Here are the roles and the letters associated with them.  To keep it simple, they closely follow  the 1962 tri-service system .
 
 B -  Bomber .  
 F -  Fighter .  
 C -  Cargo .
 H -  Helicopter ; the syllables for helos don't denote anything ( AFAIK ).  Let me know if you can correct me on this!
 M -  Miscellaneous  or  Maritime 
 
In addition, NATO uses the following first-letter designations to refer to other  airborne  hardware:
 
 A - Air to air missile; named AA-# {name}.  E.g.  AA-8 APHID .
 S - Surface to surface missile - If these are  strategic   ballistic missile s, these are named with SS and a number, as well as X or N denoting eXperimental or  Naval  variants.  Anti-tank rockets, which are also technically surface-to-surface, get the name AT-#.  The  AT-8 SONGSTER  is anti-tank.  The  SS-21 SCARAB  is an  SRBM .
 G - Surface to air missile, or  SAM .  Think "God-damn-that-was-close."  These are named SA-#, as in  SA-6 GAINFUL .
 K - Air to surface missile (think "tanK Killer"). AS-#, as in  AS-15 KENT .
 
 
 Thanks to  Kaleja  and  karmaflux  for the editorial help. 
 
 
 
 
 An announcement made to persuade crazy  fans  to quiet down.  It was first made by the announcer of the popular television  variety show ,  Louisiana   Hayride , Horace Logan.  It turns out that, even though  Elvis  was huge at the time, he was the third of about twenty acts that night.  On December 15, 1956, he took the stage, and the fans squealed with delight, as always.  After his 45-minute set and the  ubiquitous   encore , he left. 
 The fans didn't. 
 This was live TV in its  heyday , but the shows were still scripted, and if you went over or under your allotted time, bits of the program--or worse yet, bits of the script that advertised the sponsor--got cut. 
 A desperate Horace Logan got on the mike, and vainly spoke to the screaming  teeny-boppers : "Please, young people...  Elvis  has left the building... he has gotten in his car and driven away... Please take your seats..."
The phrase has earned itself a place in slang up there with " Thank you, thank you very much ," and has been quoted in numerous movies including  Independence Day . 
 
 The King  is dead.  Long live the King. 
 
 
 
 A great song by  Eddie from Ohio  about  conformity , in the grand tradition of  Smells Like Teen Spirit .  No, no, it's not loud and  raucous ; it's sung in the  first person , with a trace of  irony .  It recalls your mother's third-favorite saying, right behind  You'll Poke Your Eye Out  and  Don't Pick Your Nose . 
 There's an interesting musical pun in the middle of the song: the  bridge  is an extended  drum solo  and jam by Eddie "from  Ohio " Harkness.  Have you seen the bridge?  I'm just tryin' to find the bridge... 
 
Lyrics: 
 
I went and jumped off a bridge last night. 
I don't know why, 
 someone just told me to. 
Didn't even really put up much of a fight. 
Now there's  seaweed  in my... 
 seaweed between my toes. 
 
Now that I think about it, it was a pretty good  dive . 
Pretty  good form ! 
 Not much splash ... 
Now that I think about it, it was a pretty short ride. 
Sunk like a  cannonball , 
 I think I gained some weight. 
 
CHORUS: 
 I jumped off a bridge, 
 because someone told me to . 
Just goes to show, don't let  anyone  tell you 
 what to think or say or do. 
Just goes to show, don't let  anyone  tell you 
 what to think or say or do. 
 
There were tires and wires and bicycle frames... 
Not many  trout -- 
 fish don't live down there. 
I got to thinkin', "I must be insane... 
I shouldn't have listened, this 
 isn't as fun as it sounds ." 
 
( Drum solo !) 
 
So I think that my lesson's been learned: 
Gotta be your own man, be 
 just like  James Dean . 
 Chalk it up to an  experience earned . 
What an adventure! 
 I think I broke my neck! 
 
CHORUS X 2
 
 
 
 A technique developed in 1991 to supplement the existing forms of  welding .  The two items (typically  plate  or  sheet  metal) to be welded are placed edge to edge, and a  cylindrical  tool is spun up to a working speed, typically in the thousands of  rpm s.  It is then pressed down with a large amount of force onto the seam and dragged along the seam slowly.  The friction stirs the metal without the temperature exceeding the  melting point  of the metal. 
 The Tool 
 The tool consists of two small  cylinder s joined to each other, one with about the  diameter  of a pencil  eraser  and the other on the order of one inch in diameter.  It's made of highly  wear resistant  materials which can also resist the extreme temperatures of the process.  Relative to the  tool path , it appears to lean backwards, so that the leading edge of the tool doesn't touch the metals to be welded, but the trailing edge does.  While spinning, the  business end  of the tool--the end with the small cylinder--is plunged into the seam, burying the small cylinder and pressing the face of the larger cylinder against the seam. 
 The Weld 
 Because the metal never exceeds its melting temperature, you don't find the  grain boundary  flaws you get in ordinary fusion and  resistance  welds.  Because no second material is used, you don't get any  cathodic  weld decay.  The normally unpredictable and non-uniform strebgth profile of fusion welds is replaced by a weak area whose location is eminently  predictable .  In most welds, there is also an expected percentage of flaws per length of weld.  A representative of the  Boeing  Co. told me that, for one application, the norm is a  flaw  in every two feet of weld.  For friction stir welding, there have been instances where the machine was able to make perfect welds measurable in miles; even then, the limit to the length of a perfect weld is limited only by the quality (and therefore, cost) of the tool used. 
 The bottom line 
 This process has applications in the  aerospace  sector, where long, high-quality welds on thin pieces of difficult-to-weld metals are often desired.  Examples include  aluminum  aircraft and rocket  fuselage s, or  titanium   turbine  blades in a jet engine, where a weld eliminates the need to use  rivet s.  In many other applications, welding aluminum or  titanium  is prohibitively expensive and flawed.  Friction stir welding is changing all of that. 
 
 
 
 Even if you're given permission, this is a  bad idea .  If you don't have permission, well, it's possibly the easiest way to  betray  a person's  trust .  I'm absolutely  not kidding  here, people.  Let's take an honest look at what could happen: 
 Without permission, you find out something you didn't want to know.   Serves you right .  She might not even have meant whatever it was she wrote at the time.  He could have  ulterior motive s or just be ranting.  You will try and try and try, but you can never treat the person the same as you did before you knew what they were thinking about N.  Worse yet, you may accidentally or not-so-accidentally reveal this information to a  third party , trying to conceal its source.  Joke's on you, bozo:  it will always get back to her  (or him).  Yes, always.  The age-old dilemma about when to act on covertly obtained information springs up-- suicidal thoughts ,  a crush , and  cheating  are examples that could be in anyone's diary--and if you act on the information, maybe you do some small good, but you're guaranteed to do someone some harm.  Probably yourself. 
 Without permission, you find out something you did want to know.   Hmm, need I say it again?  Serves you right.  Now you know he has a crush on you, and he wants to be  more than just friends .  But if it's his diary, you also discover the motives behind what you thought was just a friendly gesture.  You may even find out about a  sexual fantasy .  Or, you may discover that you're right not to trust her--but she's obviously right in trying to hide her thoughts from you, you snooping shit.  No matter what you learn, you run into the  dilemma  of how you can use the information without getting into a tangled mess. 
 With permission, you find out... anything.   If anyone gives you permission to read their diary,  run don't walk .  You don't want to know.   You may think you want to know, but you don't .  Think about it this way: why would someone want you to read their innermost thoughts?  It's a wonderful gesture of  trust , sure, but they may have been writing the diary with an audience in mind, in which case, it's a lie.  And yes, I think that people, whether they intend to or not, censor their daylogs here.  A gesture of trust that is actually a lie--how  paranoid  am I?  Very.  Or, maybe it is all truth (as much as a diary can be), and they want you to read it because they want you to know something, to see some pivotal entry.  If that's the case, ask them to read it out loud to you--they can edit on the fly and still get whatever it is off their chest.  If it's  an awkward confession of undying love , it's a lot harder for them to agree to read it out loud; they'll probably prefer to just tell you, which is the better way to handle it.  Any shocking revelation is better handled through real social channels than from reading an emotional history of a person's thoughts. 
 Let me just say it one more time, in case you haven't been reading closely:  No .   Don't do it .  I don't care how amazingly mature you're willing to be about it.  I don't care if you weren't looking for it, you " just happened " to find it.  "Just happen" to put it the hell back.  It is  Pandora's Box , it is  Einstein on the Beach , it is  Humpty Dumpty .  You can't forget it, you can't ignore it, you can't unlearn it, and  you can never completely earn back a broken trust . 
 Thank you, that is all . 
 And if you do read a diary without permission, don't leave any evidence behind, especially not a handwritten, signed note placed in between the pages you read that says " You don't know me as well as you think you do ".   You brick-witted moron . 
 
 
 
 An  Irish   rebel song  attributed to Pete St. John, protesting the intervention of the  English  crown in  Irish  affairs, and the harsh treatment of Irish nationalists by the  British .  This is a favorite in many of the Irish  pub s in America, but I doubt that it's sung too loudly in  Belfast .  The song is sad in tone, but the chords of the chorus are mostly  major chord s, and feel uplifting--like most rebel songs, it speaks of despair but sings of hope.  "Athenry" is pronounced "ATH-en-RYE", and  Trevelyan  is pronounced "traVELyun" or "traVAILyun"; the rest of the words are pretty simple. 
 This song rewrites the theme of many folk tales--the brave husband who steals bread to feed his children--setting it in Ireland during the so-called  potato famine  of  1847 .  An Irishman will more likely call it  Black 47 , and can tell you at length exactly how much famine there was.  But that's outside the scope of this song, and even if you don't holler the  audience participation  bits in the middle (which I've marked in italics), I think you can enjoy this song. 
Lyrics: 
 
By a lonely prison wall 
I heard a young girl calling, 
"Michael, they are taking you away.  
For you stole  Trevelyan 's corn, 
so the young might see the morn. 
Now your  prison ship  lies waiting in the bay." 
 
CHORUS: 
Low lie the fields of  Athenry , 
Where once we saw the small  free birds  fly. 
 (Hey, baby, see the free birds fly?) 
Our love was on the wing, 
 ( Sinn Fein !) 
We had dreams and songs to sing. 
 ( I.R.A. !)   
It's so lonely 'round the fields of Athenry. 
 
By a lonely prison wall, 
I heard a young man calling, 
" Nothing matters, Mary, when you're free ! 
Against the famine and the crown 
 (Fuck the crown!) 
I rebelled. They cut me down. 
Now, you must raise our child with diginity. 
 
CHORUS 
 
By a lonely harbour wall, 
She watched the  last star  falling. 
As the prison ship sailed out against the sky. 
She can live, and hope, and pray 
For her love in  Botany Bay . 
But it's lonely in the fields of Athenry. 
 
CHORUS 
 
 
 To my friends in England: I hope that I haven't offended you.  I know there are two sides to every story, and I know that this only represents one side of a complex issue.  But then,  nationalist  political  folk song s rarely treat any subject objectively.  And it  is  a great tune, isn't it? 
 
 
 
 We all know that  people who play the same five songs over and over are the devil .  That's a specific case of the rule that generally holds true.  Any song becomes marginally less tolerable (and marginally more likely to drive you  crazy as a shit house rat ) when it is 
 
  more repetitive than a given song ( Bullet with Butterfly Wings  vs.  MmmmBop )
  shorter than another given song ( The Real Slim Shady  vs.  Dueling Banjos )
  part of a smaller set of songs ("program" vs. " repeat one ")
  repeated  just one more time 
 
 How have I learned this?  The same way you have, I'm sure-- bitter experience .  My freshman year at  St. Andrew's , during  study hall , the guys in the room next door were playing something--I seem to recall that it was  Ace of Base --on  repeat .  They'd been playing the song practically all day, and I was starting to crack. 
 I went next door and asked them to turn it off, but they insisted: 
"It's stuck in our heads!" 
"I'm almost sick of it--I promise, after this, I'll never play it again." 
 I agreed not to get the  prefect  involved if one of them would loan me a  Discman  to drown it out.  My roommate (who was also sick of the song) loaned me his battery-powered pocket speakers.  I inserted  They Might Be Giants ' outstanding 1990 album  Flood , and endured the torment of their music until study hall ended.  We were free!  For an hour, we didn't have to be in our rooms, and for half an hour, we could roam amongst  girl s!!!  In the  ruckus  surrounding the  bells  that announced our freedom, nobody heard me or Josh laughing. 
 We stayed upstairs, and cued up that short, sweet little  ditty  " Minimum Wage ".  For those of you not familiar, it's about  42  seconds long.  It has no lyrics except for a man screaming "Minimum Wage!  Hyah!" and cracking a whip at the beginning; otherwise it's a cheery,  cheesy  instrumental.   This was...  satanic .  But, at the same time, it was ideal.  I pressed the  repeat  button twice to set it in that most-glorious and  hell-spawned  mode, repeat one.  I turned the volume to about halfway, wrapped a loop of  duct tape  around the assembly, and stood on my bunkbed.  Shoving the  drop ceiling  up and out of my way, I could see over the top of the wall and into... my neighbors' ceiling-space.  An artful (but gentle!) shove, and the CD player and speakers were in their room, pretty much dead-center. 
 Josh and I went down to socialize with the girls.  It was, after all, high school.  We  had to get our game on , or  die trying . 
 An hour later, tired from our  hijinks , we brushed our teeth like good little boys, and went to our bedroom.  It usually took a good ten minutes after the bells for the  commotion  of social hour to die down, so we waited, silently.  Bed check... lights out... finally, a calm like a senior sleeping through physics descended on  Hillier Corridor . 
 Dimly, we could hear it, but only because we were listening for it.  Maybe a minute went by--a repetition and a half--when Reg's voice was audible next door: " what the fuck ?"  A few moments of heated discussion.  We could hear them scrambling around the room, moving beds, digging through closets, looking for the disembodied song that was flailing at their sanity every 42 seconds.  The noise died down, but not the music... 
 Reg opened our door, slipped into our room, and closed the door behind him, leaving the light off.  He whispered, very quietly, " Where in God's name  did you put it?"  We laughed, and laughed, and laughed, as 13-year-olds are wont to do, and once we elicited the ransom from him--a promise to never play  Ace of Base  again--we revealed the secret.  He seemed puzzled.  "How am I supposed to get it down?" 
 
We had absolutely no clue; we set it up there by standing on our bunkbed and tossing it well out of arm's reach, but Reg and his roommates didn't have their beds bunked.
 
 I think we eventually--the next day? I don't remember how long we pondered it--resorted to a bevy of  broomstick s, but that's not the point.  See,  I told you that story to tell you this one.   The point is that two years later, Dave and Chuck, who were rooming together, bet a case of  soda  that one of them could make the other turn off the stereo.  This arose out of the fact that they both listened to the stereo all the time, even at night, and as soon as one left the room, the other would put in his preferred CD and leave it looping.  The cycle repeated every day.  When Chuck had class, Dave's music was in, and vice versa. 
 The situation had come to a head, and the bet was established: 
  each song would get 24 hours of consecutive, repetitive, repetitive, repetitive airplay
  the volume could be turned down to 2 during lights-out, but the person who chose the song could control the volume otherwise
  Dave and Chuck would alternate picking songs
  A coin toss determined the first victim
  Whoever turned off the stereo first lost the case of  tasty beverage  of the winner's choice, as well as control of the CD player for the next week.
 
 Now, understand--these are  both  people who put in one CD and listen to it forever.  They murdered  Smashing Pumpkins '  Siamese Dream ,  Dave Matthews Band 's   Under the Table and Dreaming , and many otherwise wonderful albums.  Oh, and everything by  Jimmy Buffett .  So it was going to be a good contest.  Except that Dave chose something moderately tolerable--something by  Pearl Jam --and Chuck survived.  Chuck chose  Minimum Wage , that old standby, at the beginning of a two hour  study hall , and Dave broke down after an hour and a half.  He claimed it wasn't a fair song, and Chuck put in  Harvey the Wonder Hamster .  Dave surrendered after about ten minutes, and  happily  bought the case. 
 
So, the moral of the story is: if you're trying to reform someone's  atrocious  tendency to listen to one song over and over, don't fight fire with fire.  Fight fire with "Flood". 
...or  hamster s. Whichever's easier.
 
 
 
And, for those who are curious, the  creepiest  lyrics ever set to a  waltz  lie below.  The tune goes through several different "moods", as many songs this long do ( Stairway to Heaven ,  Bohemian Rhapsody , etc.), so I've noted the tune changes in the music.  Because of this mood change, the  meter  of the rhymes changes several times throughout, for anyone who's reading it aloud. 
 
 
It was late one  fall  night, at a  fairground  near town, 
When Esther first saw the  Armenian  man 
who grovelled toward her and stood by her side, 
with a bucket that swung in his hand. 
 
His grin stretched the folds of his pasty white cheeks 
as his lips hurled a  dollop  of  murk  on the curb, 
and the lights from the rides showed a mischievous sparkle 
that flashed in his hollow-eyed stare. 
 
He said, " Little girl, you can chop off my legs 
and then peel off my socks, if you want to . 
But I'd rather you take this old  poppet  from me 
that I hold in my pail as we speak." 
 
And he stood looking down at the  innocent girl , 
and she stared at the bucket bewildered-- 
'Til he lifted the doll for the young girl to see, 
and a giant smile grew on his face. 
 
She saw the doll's eyes, and she couldn't resist! 
And she thanked the man quickly, and ran to  the church , 
And she burst through the doorway with poppet held high 
 And a hush filled the chapel, and the people looked mean .
 .--==^==--. 
 here the song goes into  4/4 time , and the tone changes from a carousel waltz to a warm melodic ballad. 
'--++_++--' 
Esther tried in vain to pacify the mob 
 Quibble  grew to  spat , to  wrangle , then to  brawl . 
The frenzied congregation struggled desperately to fetch 
the pretty poppet snugly nestled deep in Esther's leather sack. 
Through the window of the church a  storm  began to rage 
and Esther knew the time had come to flee. 
She scurried down the aisle toward the doorway in the distance 
and out into the rainstorm, where she felt she would be free... 
 
But the wind was blowing harder, 
and her skirt began to billow 
and suddenly her feet began to lift! 
 
And she rose above the people, 
and the houses, and the chimneys, 
and Esther and her doll were set adrift! 
 
 Floating higher over the hills, 
and the valleys, and treetops, they'd flutter and glide. 
Soaring, turning, suspended on air, 
with the earth far below them, they'd timble and dive 
 through the clouds....
 .--==^==--. 
 after a long piano solo to establish their "flight", the key changes to a dark, minor stalking rhythm 
'--++_++--' 
And she began to tumble earthward 
till she landed in the nasty part of town. 
 She glanced about the village  
sure to find the evil men who rob and pillage 
in the darkest hour of night; 
Nervously she fumbled  
for the pouch that held 
the poppet on her rump. 
 
Feeling quite  outnumber ed, Esther hid 
behind a nearby pile of  lumber , where she waited 
for the dawn, 'cause it would have been a  blunder 
to  succumb  to a  hoodlum  on the prowl. 
 
 .--==^==--. 
 back to the soft ballad tune for a "sunrise" 
'--++_++--' 
When the morning came, she wandered through the streets 
along the chilly lake that lay beside the town. 
"At last, a peaceful moment!" But she thought she heard a sound: 
it was  an angry mob of joggers  coming up to knock her down. 
 
As Esther stood and shook her head,  
the joggers were approaching 
and she knew she had no choice left but to swim. 
 
As the  frosty  water sank its bitter teeth 
into her hide, she tried to slide 
the heavy clothing from her skin. 
 
Naked now, she made her way toward the shore 
When suddenly she felt a tiny tugging at her toe: 
the poppet she'd forgotten wrapped its tiny little 
arms around her ankle--and it wouldn't let her go. 
 
 The waves seemed to open, and swallow her whole, 
as the doll pulled her down through the  eerie  green deep. 
Then the sound of the laughing old man filled her ears, 
as she drifted away to a tranquil and motionless sleep. 
 
 
 
 
The second  trade paperback  compilation of  Neil Gaiman 's  Sandman  comics.  Originally published in 1989 and 1990 as  The Sandman  #9-16, The Doll's House contains the following stories:
 
 Prologue: Tales in the  Sand  - wherein Nada and the Dream King  Kai'Ckul  fall in love, and  Morpheus  learns the dangers of interacting with mortals.
 The Doll's House - wherein  Rose Walker  has a strange dream and meets  The Kindly Ones , and we meet  Desire  and  Despair  of the  Endless .  Rose asks innocently, "What's  The Corinthian ?"
 Moving In - Rose moves into the Doll's House while searching for her lost brother Jed, and meets many strange housemates.  Jed remains trapped in a  dream .   Gilbert  shows his chivalry, and  Morpheus  gets angry.
 Playing House - wherein  Morpheus  acts on his rage. Jed is freed,  runs away, and is captured by an unlikely assailant.  Rose and Gilbert close in.
 Men of Good Fortune - we meet  Robert Gadling , who makes a jest that  Dream  and  Death  find amusing.  He is permitted to stay alive as long as he wishes, and makes a date to meet up with  Dream  every hundred years.
 The Collectors - wherein we become better acquainted with  The Corinthian .  Rose and Gilbert stay at a hotel with a strange convention;  The guest speaker is to die for.
 Into the Night - Rose has another strange  dream  with far-reaching consequences.  Jed comes home.  Gilbert gets a call from his boss and leaves unexpectedly.
 Lost hearts - Rose meets  Morpheus .  A debt is collected from Rose's grandmother, and a plot is uncovered.  Dream warns Desire not to interfere with his affairs.
 
Story:  Neil Gaiman 
Covers and Design:  Dave McKean 
Art: Mike Dringenberg, Malcom Jones III, Chris Bachalo, Michael Zulli, and Steve Parkhouse 
Lettering: Todd Klein 
 
 
 
 "The Corinthian is not the most social of  nightmare s." 
 -- Morpheus , the Dream King 
 
 A character in  Neil Gaiman 's exceptional series  The Sandman ,
the Corinthian is human in appearance, except for one detail: he's got a small,  carnivorous  mouth in each of his  eye socket s.  Each mouth can still see, but can also eat and speak.  To hide this disturbing trait from mortals, he wears  sunglasses  unless he's actively using his "eyes" to eat. 
 Dream created him to serve as
 
"...the darkness, and the  fear  of darkness, in every human heart.  A  black mirror  made to reflect everything about itself humanity will not confront."
 
But he escapes the realm of  Dream s while the  Dream King  is imprisoned, and upon  Morpheus ' return to  the Dreaming , his absence is discovered.  He has gone to the mortal plane, to play among the mortals, and for forty years, killed people with the same  modus operandi : 
He cuts out their eyes while they still live, and consumes their eyes, devouring them in his own  ravenous  sockets.
 Needless to say, this does not sit well with  Morpheus . 
 The bulk of Gaiman's storytelling regarding the Corinthian appears in  The Doll's House , Sandman  trade paperback  #2.  He does make a "special guest" appearance in  The Kindly Ones  as well, but he's not quite himself. 
 
I  still  get nightmares about this guy... but then I guess that's his job.
 
 
 
 Myxomatosis  is an  infectious   disease  among  rabbit s which is related to the  pox .  In 1950, it was artificially introduced from  Brazil , where it was discovered in the 1930's, into  Australia  to kill off the overpopulation of rabbits.  Among Brazilian rabbits, it causes minor discomfort; among European species, it is  fatal . 
 It was brought to  France  from Australia in 1953 by a Frenchman who wished to control the rabbit population on his estate near  Paris , and spread, predictably, from there to  Great Britain .  It spreads through  parasite s, and not through direct contact, so a well-cared-for pet rabbit should not be at risk. 
 The disease usually kills in about two weeks.  The first symptoms are  blindness  from the swelling of the tissue around the the eyes.  At this point, feeding and drinking are difficult, and secondary symptoms that result from lack of nutrition can set in.  Most wild rabbits, once blind, are easy  prey  for  wolves  and  foxes .  The natural progression of the disease ends with a fatal  lung  infection.  
  In 1955,  Philip Larkin  wrote this poem about the disease, entitled (fittingly) "Myxomatosis."  
 
Myxomatosis 
 
Caught in the center of a soundless field 
While hot inexplicable hours go by 
 What trap is this?  Where were its teeth concealed? 
You seem to ask. 
 I make a sharp reply, 
then clean my stick.  I'm glad I can't explain 
Just in what jaws you were to  supporate : 
You may have thought things would come right again 
If you could only keep quite still and wait. 
 
 
 
...Except that i isn't restricted to the domain (1...i...n).   
 Where above, you said "the sequence is the product of n terms, all greater than n," you should have said, "the sequence is the product of n terms, all greater than  or equal to  n."  The number of terms equal to n (2 of them) comes into play for extreme values of i. 
 You have to start your sequence with i=0 and end with i = (n-1) for your end-terms to be equal to (n*1) or (1*n), as follows: For i = (n-1), 
(n - i) * (i + 1) = ni - i 2  + n - i 
= 1 * n = n. 
Likewise for i=0, the first term = n. 
 Since your first and last terms are equal to n, and you have n terms, you still need to prove that just one of those intervening terms is strictly greater than n to have solid proof.   
   If you only have 2 terms (and 2 is a  natural number ), the argument fails either way, and n n  = n! 2 .  That is, you can't prove one is greater or less for all cases, because of the equality case. 
For n, any  natural number , n n  and n! 2  have no provable relationship.  Although your proof  does  refute the theory for all cases n > 2, you need this little caveat tacked on for n = 2.  The trivial case n = 1 also disproves the theory above, but that is left as  an exercise for the reader .
 
Okay, the author above fixed a typo from "less than" to "less than or equal", so this mostly goes in /dev/null.  Just a proof of the trivial case.
 
 
 
 Since all  Air Force   basic training  and the majority of  ROTC  officer field training takes place at  Lackland AFB , in sunny  San Antonio , almost everyone in the Air Force spends a significant amount of time doing  push-up s in  Texas .  If you spend long enough in this position, especially in the summer, it may seem that you're upright, and you're "pushing Texas" away from you.  A  drill sergeant  (or military training instructor, or field training officer) will often tell you to do push-ups by simply ordering you to "Start pushing Texas."  During your push-ups, he can then call the dubious encouragement, " I don't feel Texas moving --PUSH HARDER!" 
Because some training takes place in other states, you may hear someone occasionally talk about "pushing Georgia" or "pushing Alabama", etc.  These are probably all the same, with the distinction that everyone you meet will tell you that his training was the hardest.  Don't believe them.  Mine was harder.  
 
 
 
 Let the punishment fit the crime , right?  Well, a gender bender push-up is an ultra-specialized punishment for one specific  infraction  during training.  Let's say you're being  grill ed simultaneously by two officers, both of whom outrank you, one male and one female.  In a  training environment , this is made to test your brain's ability to  multi-task .  You are, at one point, asked two different questions, but the answer to each, as covered by  the five basic responses , is "Yes, sir" or "Yes, ma'am".  But you're flustered.  You've probably run ten miles already, the food sucks, and you've been  shaved bald  like a good little  space monkey .  You reply, "YES, MA'AM!" to both questions because you happen to be facing the female officer. 
The words " oh shit " pass through your mind, and not for the first, or last, time today. 
A moment later, you're  pushing Texas  for addressing a male officer as "ma'am".  Luckily, you've only been assigned 10 Gender Bender push-ups.  Unluckily, they are counted as follows: 
"(down) Sir, you're a (down) Sir, not a (down) Ma'am, Sir, (down) One, sir!" 
 This is a  sir sandwich  of a most  egregious  nature, but that's okay.  If you're bad at math, let me spell it out:  you're only counting off one push-up for every four full repetitions.  10 Gender Benders are 40 regular push-ups, plus shouting. 
Alternate lyrics, for those so inclined: 
"Ma'am, you're a Ma'am, not a Sir, Ma'am, One, Ma'am!" 
 
 And  God help you  if you accidentally transpose a "sir" or "ma'am" during Gender Benders in your  anaerobic  confusion, because (a) that repetition won't count, and (b) you probably just earned 5 more. 
 
 
 
A word uniquely  military  in nature and in origin, and featured in its two-syllable (that is,  Army ) configuration in  Scent of a Woman , it has come to mean anything but "No."  "HUA!" can mean
 
 Yes, Sir!
 I'm incredibly excited!
 I'm not even remotely excited, but everyone else is, and we've got to stick together, right?
 Triple Coupons?  Sweeeeet!
 Fuckin' A !
 I'll take care of that right away, not because you ordered me to, but because I  enjoy   blowing shit up .
 You're giving me a brand-new  Ferarri  for free?  But I'm a  Marine !
 It's sure hard to give you a straight answer with this  K-BAR  between my teeth and all those people shooting at us.
 I'd love to go to  Libya .  Now where's my gun?
 Only eighteen more miles to go, and every liter I drink makes my pack a little lighter!
 
 ...and so forth.  Originally, the word "HUA" was an  acronym  used over the radio to mean "Heard, Understood, Acknowledged."  It has since evolved into the most  utilitarian  single syllable since  the F-word .  When people call a  Marine  a  grunt , HUA is the grunt to which they're referring. If you ask a  Marine  if he enjoys being a Marine, his answer will be HUA. 
 
Various pronunciations I've heard: "Hook" with no "k", and a long, rising vowel.    "Hurrah" with no R's, same rising vowel tone.
 "Who-Wa" (e.g.  Al Pacino  in Scent of a Woman)
 "Who-Ya" (e.g.  Demi Moore  in  G.I. Jane )
 "OO-AH!" (think  howler monkey )
 
Mix and match,  roll your own , but  say it LOUD .
 
 
 
 This may vary from service to service, but in the  Air Force , all  military  personnel are taught very early in  basic training ,  officer training school , or  field training  to answer every question from a superior with one of the five basic responses.  The use of " sir " can be replaced with " ma'am ", but only when appropriate, or you'll be  pushing Texas , and probably doing  Gender Bender Push-Ups . 
 
 Yes, sir!
 No, sir! 
 Sir, May I ask a question?
 Sir, May I make a statement? 
 Sir,  I do not know but I will find out ! 
 
 Note that there is only one "sir" in each response.  Unlike the  Marines , the Air Force do not teach  Sir Sandwich es.  The first two responses are relatively  straightforward .  The third and fourth are dangerous-- making a statement  implies free thought, which can get you in trouble if you do it at the wrong time.  Asking permission to ask a question usually gets a hearty "No!"  The fifth seems like an easy out, but usually you'll be given an order to go with it: 
 
"Cadet, who was Grover Cleveland's  Secretary of Defense ?" 
"Sir, I do not know but I will find out!" 
"Alright, have his or her biography on my desk by 0800 tomorrow.  Is that understood?" 
"Yes, sir!" 
 There are a few exceptions: if you're asked a direct question, such as the one above, and you do know  the answer , you are permitted to give that answer.  If the question is  rhetorical , and the answer is anything but "no", you may answer with " HUA !"  Be careful that you listen before automatically responding with "Hua", however.  For practice, here are some sample questions you might hear in a  training environment .  Proper responses appear below the line, and we'll assume you don't know the answer to the questions.  Answer 1,2,3,4,5, or Hua: 
 Do you want to do some push-ups?
 Is that your final answer ?
 Where's the beef ?
 Are any of those guys carrying that new thing, except the one that got issued to him?
 Doesn't this unit have any pride?
 Would anybody like to tell me who burned down the chow hall?
 Have you been  smoking crack ?
 Have you been  intentionally violating the military policy on the recreational use of prescription pharmaceuticals ?
 Are you fired up?
 
 
1) Yes, sir. --  you should never admit to not enjoying push-ups .  This is a  shared hallucination  in the military. 
2) No, sir. -- if you're given an opportunity to retract a statement, do it, unless you're 100% sure. 
3) Sir, may I ask a question -- " What beef, sir? " OR Sir, I do not know but I will find out. 
4) Sir, may I ask a question -- "Which thing, sir, and which guys, sir?" OR Sir I do not know but I will find out. 
5)  HUA! -- "Yes sir" is technically true, but it's not  motivated  enough. 
6) Trick question -- don't answer this question at all.  Don't even ask to make a statement along the lines of "I don't think any of us knows." And if you do make a statement, don't use the words " I think ".  The fifth basic response is possibly the stupidest thing you could say here. 
7) No, sir -- If you have been smoking crack, don't lie about it.  That's a  bad thing . 
8) No, sir -- same as 7.  You're allowed to ask a question if you didn't catch all those  polysyllabic  words, or use the fifth basic response. 
9)  HUA! -- "Yes sir" is also a wrong answer here.   
HUA is also acceptable for questions 1,2 (if certain), 3(if motivated), 4 (if affirmative), 6 (if the food was bad), 7 (if very brave), and 8 (same). 
 
 
 
 At  Johns Hopkins University , any sufficiently driven student pursuing a degree in  biomedical engineering  is called a  throat , short for  cutthroat .  Because  JHU 's BME (aka  pre-med ) program is consistently ranked as one of the best ways to get into  medical school , many  Type A  people strive to get into the Hopkins program.  Because these people are driven (by neurotic parents, usually) to be the  absolute fucking best  at everything they do, they tend to get very cranky when they get to  college , and resort to things like laboratory  sabotage ,  cheating  on exams, giving "friends" the wrong  homework  assignment, reserving several study rooms simultaneously the night before an exam, and so forth.   Their aggressive focus on  throating  other BMEs tends to rub non-BMEs the wrong way in large classes like  calculus  and  physics .  Because they have a goal very sharply in focus, they often get angry about being told they aren't  allowed  to do something that's in their  plan .  One example: as a junior, getting locked out of a senior-level class that has a size limit may happen, but it " doesn't happen to me! "   
 Not necessarily  spod s, because they usually pursue  extracurricular  activities with a bold  ferocity  that causes other non-BME members to resign and find new hobbies.  These so-called students are  resume stuffer s: by foundng a new club and getting themselves elected  president  or  treasurer , they gain one more point of  well-rounded -ness.  Most BMEs have an intrinsic  charisma  and an infectious  optimism  that makes them a natural leader.  If a club already exists that a band of throats want to add to their resumes, they join, shrink the membership with ill will and  Robert's Rules , then install a  puppet regime .  Once they get take the  MCAT s, the club is disbanded or its  wreckage  is handed back to the  peasant s. 
 Disclaimer : Not all pre-meds are throats!  I have known many nice BMEs.  However, the traits that make an  ambitious ,  capable ,  talented  student a good friend and a great leader are the same ones that, in the absence of  ethics , make that person into a cutthroat. 
 
 
 
 Most of my evidence for this writeup comes from a  Washington Post  article by David Brown, dated  January 28, 2001 , entitled "Risks from  Uranium  Limited, Experts Say."  It was buried on page 20.  I won't burden you with the whole  cut-and-paste  text, because you can look it up yourself if you really want to. 
 
  Long-term exposure to natural uranium (which is more  radioactive  than depleted uranium) doesn't affect one's risk of  leukemia  or  lung cancer ; several medical studies are quoted.  The implication is that depleted uranium, which is less radioactive, is even less likely to cause such problems.
 Of the 60 people with DU shell fragments in their skin and bones from the  Gulf War , none have developed  leukemia  or any other kind of cancer, and they have fathered 38 children collectively.  That was ten years ago; if they're still healthy, this  Balkans Syndrome  (or BS, as I like to call it) is just a media fairy tale.
 Since 1940, a dozen studies following 78,000 people working in uranium mills (where uranium dust is in the air constantly) have been published, and none has found an increase in cancer or other serious illness.  The exposure level of these workers is much higher than anything that would occur in the Balkans.
 People with exposure to  alpha particle -emitting isotopes show no overall increase in leukemia, the disease which DU reportedly caused in the Balkans.  The best evidence is a study of women who painted  radium  on  luminous  watch dials in the 1920's: they had huge increases in other cancers, but no excess  leukemia , because  alpha particle s simply can't get through bone to the marrow, where leukemia starts.
 
 Also, a few more facts regarding the composition and  density  of DU: it's mostly  U-238 , which is the least radioactive  isotope  of uranium.   U-235  and  U-234 , the highly radioactive ones, are used for reactor fuel, and are less dense than U-238; there is a performance incentive to make DU as radioactively  inert  as possible, because this increases its  density . 
If you really want to know why Spain, Italy, and the Netherlands are protesting the use of DU munitions, look at which countries proposed and supported (strongly) a  European Rapid Reaction Force -- NATO  without  America ,  Canada , or  Great Britain --at the time of the first DU articles.  The DU scare may just be politicized hype.  It could be that it's designed to demonize  America , and divide  NATO  along a very carefully thought-out line.  Countries with a vested interest in removing  America n influence from  Europe  are likely to support and amplify this  rumour ; countries who don't believe it have no choice but to keep quiet for months while performing medical studies.  You don't need proof to go to press with a story that says "possible," but you do need proof if you say "improbable."  It's an easy trap to set;  by the time we've proven  depleted uranium  is  mostly harmless , nobody will care.   Well, it hasn't been proven, but it looks more and more like  depleted uranium  is basically incapable of causing leukemia outbreaks. 
 It helps to remember that the media make money when they sell papers or hook viewers.  Stories about things being found "harmless" aren't nearly as riveting as those that promise to tell you "the truth about what common household item could kill you -- next!"   Uranium  is a scary word because it implies that harmful radiation is present.  As long as you differentiate between claims that "it's uranium: how can it NOT be bad?" and claims that it is a potentially harmful  heavy metal , you'll be on your way to understanding the truth about DU.
 To sum up: I wouldn't let your kids go chewing on the stuff.  Depleted uranium is still uranium (a heavy metal) and probably  is  at least as bad for you as  lead  when ingested. 
 
 By the way, if you're downvoting me for style, please drop me a message.  You're in the minority, but this node is meant to persuade everyone, and if the style doesn't work, I'd like to know so I can fix it.  If you're downvoting because the word  uranium  scares you and you refuse to believe that DU is not as harmful as it's portrayed to be,  way to be objective   about it .
 
 
 
 My  alarm clock  was babbling  NPR  at me--was there a report on Paris this morning that affected my  dreaming ?  I don't know: I was  asleep  at the time!   I was in  Paris , but instead of being laid out along the  Champs Elysees , the city was set up in a weird  Feng Shui  diagram.  The  Eiffel Tower  was at the center of a  traffic circle , like the major monuments in  Washington, D.C. , and the  Arc de Triomphe  was straddling the northmost of the five arms.  Now that I think about it, the traffic circle was really a big  pentagram .  Instead of the  western  ideal of four-fold  square  symmetry, this city was laid out in a  fractal  five-fingered star.  
  Anyhow, the  Arc de Triomphe  was lined up with the one in  New York  even though it was pointed north, so that the line that passed through both of them perpendicularly indicated a  ley line .  At the points of the circle, there were about two blocks' worth of long avenue leading up to the  second tier  (That's just how I thought of it, probably not its real name--I was on the phone with  tech support  last night, and got passed up to the second tier...).  Each avenue ended in a four or five block diameter  traffic circle , ringed with small residential apartments, no taller than two or three stories.  Plenty of  lawn , and all the houses on the outside of the traffic circle faced out; all the ones on the inside faced in, overlooking a giant circular  hedge maze , at the center of which were cafes, commercial buildings like modern (but at the same time, ancient-looking) malls.  The hedge maze also had  statuary  all throughout, as well as  topiary , arranged to fit the  five-fold symmetry .  The houses at the five major points of the second tier circles were more prestigious looking.  
  Looking outward, one could see that the intervening space of the city was filled to the horizon with reproductions of this  geometry  on a smaller scale--clusters of five city blocks that wrapped into tight  pentagon s with a park and a  fountain  (and five garden paths) in the courtyard.  The last thing I remember was looking up at the Eiffel Tower from a cafe, seeing it towering over the hedges and houses, and seeing a blue, pulsing river of energy pouring from it through the Arc de Triomphe, and thinking, "my, isn't Paris beautiful?"  I guess I just plain forgot about the  Seine .  Then again, I've never been to Paris; maybe it's easy to forget. 
 
 
 
A song from  Led Zeppelin 's 1973 album  Houses of the Holy , also covered by  Stone Temple Pilots  on  encomium .  It features a groovy sliding  organ , possibly a  mellotron , as well as some wailing guitars tuned to a more  eastern  sound.  The lyrics, as near as I can tell, defy any literal interpretation, but the  sexual innuendo  is definitely there if you want to read into it.  The lion is probably his girlfriend's father, and she is the tadpole.  And  I am the walrus . 
 
Lyrics: 
 
 Dancing  days are here again as the summer evenings grow.  
I got my  flower , I got my  power , I got a woman who knows.  
 
CHORUS 
I said it's alright.  
 You know it's alright... 
 I guess it's all in my heart. 
You'll be my only, 
  my one and only: 
Is that the way it should start? 
 Crazy ways  are evident in the way that you're wearing your clothes.  
Sipping  booze  is precedent, as the evening starts to glow.  
CHORUS  
 You told your mama I'd get you home, but you didn't tell her I had no car.   
I saw a  lion  he was standing alone with a  tadpole  in a jar.  
 
CHORUS  
 
 Dancing  days are here again as the summer evening grows.  
You are my  flower , you are my power,  
You are my woman who knows. 
 
CHORUS  
 
 
 
 William Turner and several acquaintances were  protest ing American policy in  Vietnam  in Duffy Square of  New York City . They were arrested by the  police  for  disturbing the peace , and took their case all the way up to the  Supreme Court .  The case was argued in April of 1967.   
The complaint against Turner  et al  charged  disorderly conduct ,
 
in that, with intent to provoke a  breach of the peace  and under circumstances whereby a breach of the peace might be occasioned, the  defendant s did  unlawfully congregate and assemble  at the above location obstructing the area to the exclusion of those wishing to use same, and did delay  vehicular traffic  while carrying placards and  using loud and boisterous language ; by their actions did cause a crowd to collect; (w)hen ordered to move on the defendants did fail to do so, after being informed that their actions were not  lawful .
 
 Executive summary  of the charges: they were being a human  roadblock , they were being  loud , and they were preventing third parties from using the space in which they were protesting.  Doubtless these people were also dressed like  hippies , which was not a crime on the books at the time, but which probably contributed to their  arrest .  The big sticking point of the  petition  before the Supreme Court was that when  the police  arrived, the crowd was small and calm, and the very act of the police trying to disperse them caused them to become  unruly .  I'll quote again--note that the word "horses" means " police on horseback ": 
 
The  evidence  showed that the meeting was peaceful and orderly until the  horses  arrived. Up to that time the crowd was apparently small with no one paying much attention. The bulk of the evidence at the trial related to acts of individual petitioners during the period when the police were trying to disperse the crowd, that is, between the advent of the  horses  and the  arrest s.
 
 They were arrested for disturbing the peace, but they were tried based on the disturbance they caused once the police tried to disperse them.  Since those actions occurred after the original charge, they could not have been part of that charge, and so any conviction on the original charge cannot be based on the actions after that charge.  To quote, much more succinctly, the Court's opinion,   
"A conviction on one ground may not be sustained on grounds that might have been charged but were not... Where  First Amendment  rights are involved, as they were here, we have been meticulous to insist upon clean-cut violations of ordinances protecting law and order, lest broad
or  fuzzy  applications be used to suffocate or impair the exercise of those constitutional rights."  
 
 
 
 
 Acronym:  College Of  Notre Dame  Of  Maryland .  Just north of  Loyola College  on Charles Street in  Baltimore , the College of Notre Dame of Maryland is a  Roman Catholic  school for women only.  The  rumor s vary: "Condom Girls" are said to be anything from  virginal  and  prudish  to, well... the  town bicycle .  As with all generalizations, the truth is probably much more moderate, and sadly, less outlandishly  ironic .
 
 
 
 October 
 
October is  a miser's dog . 
October will bite quickly into you 
with none of  September 's licking and pawing. 
With a heavy snort, half the leaves from the tree outside your warm bedroom  explode like  brittle excuses . 
 
October smells the  insincere , 
and rips into it 
without gnawing. 
Muffle your apologies through a high collar, wipe away fake 
tears on your tight, shiny fake 
leather gloves. 
You will never see  October  stir. 
 
 October  watches you drag 
your padded  shadow  along for a walk, 
 tail slung between its legs , back-lit 
by the dying fires 
of  summer , shivering. 
 
Everywhere is October's fenced 
and frozen yard, its dark pissing-turf, where you belong 
to smirking  whim  and hot breath and cold teeth 
as soon as the leaves turn brown 
then black, 
and October finally shakes off  a long false sleeping. 
 
 
 --jurph, 1996 
 
 
 
 James Dickey (1923 - 1997) : Poet and novelist.  Born in  Atlanta , GA, James Dickey flew as a pilot in  WWII  with the  U.S. Army Air Corps  and in the  Korean War  with the  U.S. Air Force .  After serving in the military, he taught at  Rice University  and  University of Florida , and then went to work for several advertising agencies from 1955 to 1961. 
   His first book,  Into the Stone , was published in 1962, at which point he became poet-in-residence at the  University of South Carolina .  There, he taught  English  while he gathered material for  Buckdancer's Choice , his second volume of poetry, which was published in 1965.   He went on to write copious amounts of excellent poetry, as well as the novel " Deliverance ", which he also wrote as a screenplay, the film of which made the song  Dueling Banjos  famous. Some of his best-known poems appear in the Norton Anthology of Poetry, 3rd ed.:  The Lifeguard ,  In the Tree House at Night ,  At Darien Bridge ,  In the Marble Quarry , and  Buckdancer's Choice . 
 "If it were thought that anything I wrote was influenced by  Robert Frost , I would take that particular work of mine,  shred  it, and flush it down the  toilet , hoping not to clog the pipes. A more  sententious , holding-forth old  bore  who expected  every hero-worshiping adenoidal little twerp of a student-poet  to hang on to his every word I never saw." 
--James Dickey
 
 
 
 In the summer of  1995  there was a  hurricane  or maybe just a big  northeaster  that bitched its way up the coast screaming for the week before I went back to  boarding school  to begin my senior year.  Swimming was out of the question.  Packing was infinitely easier without the ocean distracting me, because I am in love with the ocean.  Maybe I'm a masochist but I love to  bodysurf  on huge waves, skipping along the glassy trough until the foam all comes apart.  I like it when  the ocean  teaches me a lesson in respect, because she doesn't care whether or not I grew up here.  It keeps me honest. 
 The day I was to leave for school I got up early.  The rain had stopped at about  nine o'clock  the night before and so I hoped the lifeguards would be on duty instead of standing, arms crossed, at the entrance to the beach, like bouncers.  No tourists, no locals.  Waves are too big.  I can't save you in this mess. 
 Mom and Dad and I brought chairs and books down early.  A little bit of sun, some good reading, and hopefully some bodysurfing.  The tourists had rented in late  August  and had been cooped up all week.  They were everywhere.  The guards had "DANGEROUS SURF" flags on their chairs, dark red, white letters.  The waves -- the waves.  They were huge.  Three layers of surf: a two-foot surge of foam at waist deep; five foot mischief makers, coming in from all directions at about chest deep, swirling around the  riptides ; and seven-footers, about a hundred yards out, rolling in beautifully, crashing all at once.  Beyond those waves there was a  sandbar , like it was custom-built for swimmers seeking a good ride in.  Further out the surges and riptides were unpredictable, but the crests looked five feet tall.  Getting out into it required fighting your way through the criss-crossers and the foam, then staying in front of the lifeguard long enough to get a rider back to shore.  Stand ashore a moment, soak up some sun, catch your breath... and go back in.  With a good enough wave, an inexperienced swimmer will sprint back in and find himself exhausted just as he gets  in over his head .  Then he's at the mercy of the riptides, and the lifeguards have to save him. 
 Dad knows his limits.  He grew up here, and after five or six waves he took a long break.  I stayed in: I was in great shape from running all summer, and this was the last I'd see of my ocean for a year.  Imagine my surprise when I saw her head bobbing past in the water.  Blonde, tiny.  If you've seen  Aliens  imagine  Newt .  I saw her struggling and jokingly said "Hey, little darling.  You're awfully far out for a day like this."  She popped up again, saw me, and yelped quietly, one word, before sinking under again: "help." 
 I took three strokes over to her and caught an arm.  I pulled her onto my back and began treading water while I thought of an answer.  "What's your name, honey?"  Gloria.  "How old are you?"  I'm ten now.  "Oh, are you in fifth grade?"  I go back to school next week.  "Me too.  My mother teaches fifth grade.  Do you like math?"  Sometimes.   "Alright,  Gloria , my name is J.R. and I'm going to take you back to shore before we get ourselves caught in... ah... a riptide.  Ah.  Hrm." 
 Maybe you can see us already.  What on earth makes a little fifth-grader come out to where the water is eight feet deep before anyone can even notice she's gone?  A ten-foot wide jet of water, turbulent and green, hiding under the foam, is what.  A  riptide .  And I had just swum over into it.  The ten second conversation we had, where I calmed her down and kept her from drowning both of us, had caused us to be sucked another fifty yards offshore.  We were two pink specks bobbing up and down in five-foot hills of water, and then we were three.  My dad was a lifeguard when he was a kid.  He saw me swim into the riptide, and from the shore, was able to see the filthy pale green through the surf.  Maybe he saw Gloria, too.  I've never asked him, but I'm almost certain he knew the whole situation before he arrived.  When he asked me what was going on, I answered him calmly... and until I wrote this just now, I don't think I even realized that he was doing the same thing I did with Gloria: talk, calm, focus, rest up.  Plan.  Then swim. 
 We spent forever handing the girl back and forth, treading water, trying to get a lifeguard's attention.  In the course of those ten minutes, my legs began to ache and I worried for dad, and for Gloria.  Dad and I might very well have argued for hours about who should hold the girl, each demanding that the other swim solo to get out of the riptide first.  We moved, ungainly and burdened, getting tired, but: parallel to the shore.  (Those are the four words to remember ten years from now when the water turns green and plucks you off your feet:  parallel to the shore .)  The first lifeguard arrived just as we got clear of the riptide.  He made the decision for us: the girl went with him.  The next lifeguard took my dad because he was older, out of shape, and less likely to make it on his own.  So I swam for shore alone, assured that as soon as one of them got to shore they'd come back for me. 
 I swam for a long time. 
 When I made it to shore, my dad and Gloria were surrounded by a semicircle of tourists asking questions.  I made  landfall  north of them, on my belly, like we first came from water.  I don't think anyone noticed me -- I wasn't accompanied by a lifeguard, so to the crowd, I wasn't part of the drama.  I stood up, soaked, chest heaving, eyes blurry.  I remember hearing a strange whistling noise when I breathed, like a  sea gull  or a plastic seagull squeeze toy.  The sand was thick, and tough to walk in.  I made it to my beach chair and Mom asked if I was okay.  I don't remember what I answered, but she says that I fell asleep after asking if I could take a nap.  It's possible that I pass out instead, I guess.  When I regained consciousness, Dad told me a few things I missed.  Gloria's parents had been engrossed in conversation, and missed the whole thing, so they had come up a half hour later to thank Dad; I was still asleep.  The guards had such a hard time getting through the surf that by the time they got my dad and Gloria to shore, I had caught up with them, and was mingled in with the other tourists who were swimming.  The guards looked for me, but they didn't know where I was, so it was a good thing that I had gone for shore on my own.  And of course, they credited my dad and I each with half of a "pull": that's when a lifeguard saves someone.  I swallowed some water, and when I coughed, I knew my throat would be sore for a few days.  The smells, the colors, and the sensation of muscles so empty they hummed when the blood flowed through them -- I'm not going to forget that.  If I close my eyes it's like I'm still there. 
 That afternoon I drove up to  Middletown, Delaware , dropped my trunk and bags off in my room, put on running shorts, and went on a five mile run with the cross country team.  A few of them remarked that I looked a little winded and I shrugged it off -- probably blamed the drive.  That night I snuck out of my room and went down to the edge of  Noxontown Pond  and watched the moon's reflection.  The next morning I woke up and my body ached.  A few weeks later, Mr. Rue introduced my creative writing class to this poem.  It has been my favorite ever since. 
 
 The Lifeguard 
 
In a  stable of boats  I lie still, 
from all  sleeping  children hidden. 
The leap of a  fish  from its  shadow 
makes the whole lake instantly  tremble . 
With my foot on the water, I feel 
the  moon  outside 
 
Take on the utmost of its power. 
I rise and go out through the  boat s. 
I set my broad  sole  upon  silver , 
on the  skin of the sky , on the  moonlight , 
stepping outward from earth onto water 
 In quest  of the miracle 
 
This  village  of children believed 
that I could perform as I dived 
for one who had sunk from my sight. 
I saw his cropped haircut go under. 
I leapt, and my steep body flashed 
 once , in the sun. 
 
 Dark drew all the light from my eyes. 
Like a man who explores his  death 
by the pull of his slow-moving shoulders, 
I  hung  head down in the cold, 
Wide-eyed, contained, and  alone 
among the weeds, 
 
and my fingertips turned into stone 
from clutching  immovable   blackness . 
Time after time I leapt upward 
exploding in breath, and fell back 
from the change in the children's faces 
at my  defeat . 
 
Beneath them I swam to the boathouse 
with only my life in my arms 
to wait for the lake to shine back 
at the risen moon with such power 
that my steps on the light of the ripples 
might be sustained. 
 
Beneath me is nothing but brightness 
like the  ghost  of  a snowfield in summer 
as I move toward the center of the lake, 
which is also the center of the moon, 
I am thinking of how I may be 
 the savior of one 
 
who has already died in my care. 
The dark trees fade from around me. 
The moon's dust hovers together. 
I call softly out, and the child's 
voice answers through blinding water. 
Patiently, slowly, 
 
he rises,  dilating  to break  
the surface of stone with his forehead. 
He is one I do not remember 
having ever seen in his life. 
The ground I stand on is trembling 
upon his smile. 
 
I wash the  black mud  from my hands. 
On a light given off by the grave 
I kneel in the quick of the moon 
at the heart of  a distant forest 
and hold in my arms a child 
of  water ,  water ,  water . 
 James Dickey  (1923 - 1996) 
 
 Written, 1962.  I challenge anyone to read this  aloud  and not feel the suffocation as the boy  drown s.  I challenge you not to feel  guilty  when the moon comes up and you breathe so so easily in those short lines.  I challenge you to hear a single sound in the moonlight besides the  rippling water .  It's no  accident . 
 
 
 
 Hey Jude weighs in at 7:11, and it was, at the time, the longest song to ever go to  number one  on the charts.  It was also the first song that  the Beatles  released by themselves on  Apple Records .  Coincidence?  Nope.  The lyrics--or the verses, anyway--last just over three minutes, like all pop tunes of the day, but because Hey Jude started out at that slow tempo, it just barely cracks that three-minute barrier.  
 Conventional wisdom  of the day said that if they wanted it to get  airplay , they would have to speed it up a bit, to get it in  under the wire .  Lennon and McCartney, not two lads to have their artistic vision trifled with, told the  universe  and its conventional wisdom to  bugger off  and released it themselves on Apple Records, with the song at its original, way-over-3-minutes length.  Then, just for a lark, they tacked on the childish playground  taunt , "Na na na nana na na", and let it sail up the pop charts.  As an aside, you can hear an unedited  expletive  at about 2:59 on the track; whether this is because of a mistake in the studio or because they were getting a kick out of breaking the 3-minute mark is all conjecture. 
 
 
 
 An outstanding (if  cheesy ) song from the  Ferris Bueller's Day Off  soundtrack, originally recorded by  Wayne Newton  in  1985  on  The Best of Wayne Newton Now .  "Danke Schoen" is  German  for " Thank you very much ", and is pronounced "Donka Shane" (more or less).  Ferris sings it during the parade with a  bevy  of beautiful  fraulein s dressed like  St. Pauli Girl .... yow.  Anyway, here are the  trite  but  groovy  lyrics: 
 
Danke Schoen, darling, danke schoen... 
Thank you for all the joy and pain.  
Picture shows, second  balcony ,  
was the place we'd meet,  
 second seat,  
 go  Dutch treat , 
 you were sweet. 
 
Danke schoen, darling, danke schoen.  
Thank you for walks down  Lovers' Lane .  
I can see,  hearts carved on a tree ,  
letters inter-twined,  
 for all time,  
 yours and mine,  
 that was fine. 
 
Danke schoen, darling, danke scheon.  
Thank you for funny cards from  Spain .  
I recall,  Central Park  in fall,  
how you tore your  dress ,  
 what a mess,  
 I confess,  
 that's not all. 
 
Danke schoen, darling, danke schoen.  
Thank you for seeing me again.  
Though we go, on our seperate ways,  
still the memory stays,  
 for always,  
 my  heart  says, 
 "Danke schoen." 
 
Danke schoen,  auf wiedersehen , danke schoen.... 
 
 
 
 Before the advent of these fancy  capacitance  stud finders, you could buy a  mechanical  stud finder.  They didn't work so well at parties, but if you dug through a man's garage and found one, chances are he's a  stud .  Seriously, though.   The old stud finders were a  magnet  at the end of a little red balsa  needle , suspended on a loose hinge in a small wooden or plastic housing.  You slide the stud finder across the wall, and when it finds a stud, the needle, which had previously been hanging  flaccid , springs to life and points straight out.  A little  homoerotic  to be sure.  Anyhow, it works because all nails since the  dawn of time  have been  ferrous , and the magnet senses the  nail s or  screw s in the  stud .   These  archaic  pieces of equipment will stop working when nails are no longer made of steel and iron; since  steel  workers and  ironmonger s are protected by a very strong  lobby , these stud finders will work until the  Ferrous Bureau's Day Off . Danke schoen ... darlin, danke schoen... 
 
 
 
 A solid-fuel rocket is a container with a flammable substance packed inside and an open  nozzle  at one end.  When the substance is ignited, the  exothermic  reaction produces heat and copious amounts of exhaust gases.  These gases escape through the nozzle so rapidly that a  reaction force  develops, and the rocket moves in the opposite direction from the exhaust gases (usually upwards). 
 The solid-fuel rocket has been around since at least 300 BC, when the  Chinese  histories first mention  firecracker s.  The most primitive solid-fuel rocket was a segment of  bamboo  filled with  gunpowder  ( saltpeter ,  sulfur , and  charcoal ), sealed at both ends, and tossed in a fire.  Whichever seal was weaker would fail first, and the resulting leak would be the nozzle.  History mentions various improvements, but the first true rockets are mentioned in a text from the 12th century AD.  These made a "sound like  thunder " which could be heard as far away as five miles, and devastated large parcels of land.  When the  Mongol s invaded  Budapest  in 1241 and  Baghdad  in 1258, they used similar rockets.  The Arabs picked up the technology quickly, and used it against the French in the Seventh  Crusade  ten years later. 
 The state of the art didn't change much for the next 600 years.  With  firearms , a single soldier could carry almost a hundred shots with him, and fire with much more accuracy than the rockets of the day.  After unimpressive performances in the  War of 1812 , the  Civil War , and virtually every war in  Europe  up until the 20th century, solid-fuel rockets were briefly abandoned.  Dr.  Wehrner von Braun  and Dr.  Robert Goddard  sparked a renaissance in rocketry with their  liquid-fuel rocket  theories, putting into practice what had been a  pipe dream .  By the end of  WWII , liquid-fuel rockets were the undisputed favorites. 
 During the  space race  between America and the  Soviet Union , the chemistry of solid fuels advanced significantly, and solid-fuel rockets were again useful, although they were still viewed as a little archaic.  Their primary advantage over liquid-fuel rockets is that once they're built at the factory, they can be fired with little or no preparation--this is an ideal trait for strategic  ICBM s.  If a liquid-fuel rocket is fueled at the  factory , the oxidizer typically attacks the metal tanks, and the lifetime of the fuel system components are immediately shortened, even if the fuel is removed again.  Solid rockets, on the other hand, can sit on a shelf for years with no  adverse  effects, and modern  propellant s may last even longer--some of the newer ones have not been around long enough to gather reliable shelf-life data.  One other benefit is the lack of hardware overhead: once a solid fuel rocket is built, it stays fueled until it launches.  Liquid-fuel rockets, in contrast, are usually accompanied by all manner of (expensive) fueling trucks and gantries.  One last advantage of solid-fuel rockets over liquid-fuel rockets is that for similar ranges, a solid-fuel rocket will be smaller and lighter. 
 Solid rockets typically contain a thick gummy polymer-based fuel which is cured in a large oven (yes, an oven, and yes, accidents happen, and yes, they're quite spectacular...) to the consistency of a  rubber  pencil eraser.  While nobody ever mentions an  oxidizer , there is typically a suspension of  permanganate  or another high-oxygen compound in the gummy base, so the "fuel" contains both the fuel and oxidizer.    Aluminum  dust is also included to increase the temperature of the reaction; this has the undesirable side effect of giving the smoke plume a massive  radar cross section .  Modern solid fuel rockets include the  Space Shuttle 's  solid rocket booster s and the  Atlas  rocket's  Centaur  boosters.  Weaponized solid fuel rockets include the Russian SS-16 " Sinner ", SS-20 " Saber ", SS-24 " Scalpel ", SS-25 " Sickle/Topol-M ", and SS-27 missiles, and the American " Minuteman " series, " Peacekeeper (MX)" series, and " Midgetman " series of missiles. 
 
 
 
" Bless  it all,  Choronzon !  That's seventy-eight heroic adventurers this week!  Am I not feeding you enough  soul s?  Do I not make myself the very  bane  of your existence?  Do you not feel  pain ,  agony , exquisite  torture  at the sound of my voice?" 
"Yes, yes!  O,  Prince of Darkness , O, ruler of dead,  collector of impure souls , it isn't us letting them through!" 
"I don't want to know why it's not your fault, I want to hear what the  Heaven  do you plan to do about it!" 
" Mazzzter ,  Dark Lord ,  Most Lowly ... Don't bless us!  It's not our fault, not this time.  We haven't let one through since  Theseus !  We works our hardest, we does!" 
"I don't want excuses, I want solutions!   Work smarter, not harder !" 
"But it's not us!  It's that  vile mutt ,  Cerberus !" 
"Cerberus?  Are you saying that my  dog won't hunt ?" 
"I'm... I'm afraid so.  Please, please don't punish us!" 
"Be calm.  Stop your  sniveling .  Does he say why he refuses the flesh of the foe?" 
"He feels... he is no longer... I can't say it,  my Dark Prince ." 
" Say it. " 
"He... feels he's no longer loved." 
"No longer.... what?  Ah, piss.  Is it the  first of the month  again?" 
"Yes...?" 
" Fornicate me subtly with power tools and magical swords!   Why do I always forget?  Choronzon, do you wish to curry favor with me?" 
"Yes, yes, always!" 
"Here's  ten bucks .  Go up above, find a  mini mart , and buy Cerberus some of those death treats." 
 
 
 
 One of the first people to "prove" this  theory --and it must be admitted that he only proved 160 of the  billion s of cases--was the psychologist  Stanley Milgram .  In the late 1960's, he asked 160 people in  Omaha ,  Nebraska  to mail a  packet  to a friend of his who lived in Boston. The catch was that they didn't have his address--they had to mail it to someone who they thought would get it closer to  Boston .  For each step, the idea was to get the letter  one step closer , until someone could say "Oh, I know this guy!" and mail it to the rightful recipient.  He found that somewhere around 90 percent of the letters that arrived did so in 5 or 6 steps.  
 One of the stranger  facet s of this experiment was that a majority of the letters he received came through just three acquaintances.  Astonishingly, the idea of "six degrees" has become something of a  paradigm  (cough, cough): before the results were widely known, and before various  publicity  enhancing stories,  play s, and  urban legend s,  the people Milgram consulted for early estimates thought that it would take more than one hundred steps.  Granted, that was before the  Internet , but Milgram proved that on average, five connections will suffice, and six degrees is a near-certainty. 
 Other notable occurrences of the  meme  include
 a play by  John Guare 
 a movie starring  Will Smith ,  Donald Sutherland , and  Stockard Channing 
 a website (sixdegrees.com) which tries to take advantage of the phenomenon by asking people to pass along each other's  multi-level marketing  pleas
 a much cooler website ( The Oracle of Bacon ) based on the premise that every actor ever is  six or less degrees from Kevin Bacon .
 numerous  college  games based on the idea that everyone in the school is related to everyone else by  six degrees  of  sex .  This plays on concepts like  dormcest  and the  incestuous tangle  of relationships that occur in  extra curricular  activities .
 
 
 
 
 A road trip game, like " shotgun ", this is a  superstition  that can't be more than fifty years old.  The game involves the willful circumvention of  red lights  and  yellow lights  at intersections for  ulterior motive s.  As your car passes through any intersection where the light has turned yellow or red, kiss your palm and slap it against the ceiling of the car.  This supposedly grants the kisser 15 minutes of good  sex  added on to their lifelong balance for each yellow light, and an  hour  for each red light.  Some other  nitpicky  rules about how to gain minutes: 
 
 You get credit for the last color light you saw before the slap--you can kiss when the light turns yellow, but if you wait until you see red to slap the ceiling, you can get the  extra credit .
 All passengers are separately eligible, and each passenger is separately responsible, for his or her own sex life--no minutes by proxy, and no distributed minutes.  If you kiss off on a light, you  get some . If you don't,  no nookie .
 Once the car has passed under or around the light, no  kisses  or  slap s will be valid.
 In a  convertible  with the top down, passengers in the back seat may turn around and slap the folded up roof of the car; passengers in the front seat may slap the top edge of the windshield.
 A monogamous couple who are riding in the same car may, by mutual agreement, pool their minutes, effectively doubling the benefits if both parties kiss off on the same light.  This is the only exception to the second rule above.
 Credit will only be given for right turns on red (left on red in the UK, Oz, Japan, etc.) where specifically prohibited by a sign.  None will be given for running a flashing red, a flashing yellow, or a stop sign.
 
 As in most driving games, the driver will be the sole arbiter of disputes.  As with any superstition,  your mileage may vary .  You may also notice that I have posted nothing about how to collect on your minutes; this is deliberate.  The only rule that I've ever heard everyone agree on is that " good sex ", in this case, is defined as "with one or more people other than oneself." 
 
 
 
 All right, now I don't  hate  malls.  I occasionally dislike the fact that I can drive four hours away, be in  another city , and walk into a store whose  floor plan  is identical to the store of the same name in the mall which is next to my house.  But that's a totally different node. 
 What bothers me is when I'm in one of these stores with no  windows  and no  city -identity and no way to identify where I am in relation to the  millions  of other people out there, and I realize that they're marketing a pure  lie  at me (not to me--right  at  me) and I can't do a thing about it. 
    No, it's not even  marketing  that bugs me, because  MTV  has  cauterize d and numbed the  chunk of my brain  that can be appalled at marketing and snap-flash  advertising .  It's... well, I can't figure out what it is that bugs me about it.  It's kind of  ineffable --but  eff  it!--here's what it is that pissed me off so much: 
I was in NY&CO, carrying my  girlfriend 's bags of  Victoria's Secret  stuff ( no comment ), and I notice that the radio station hasn't played any commercials yet.  Now, it was playing  shite .  I mean  utter crap .  Let me try, just once more, to express my total lack of musical respect for any of the  mass-produced, putrid noise  that was dripping like diarrhea from the speakers.  But-- no commercials!   This intrigued me, so I actually started paying attention to the  patter  between songs, the little fluffy bits that you otherwise ignore.  And that, my friends, was my big mistake. 
The first thing I noticed was this: it was a Saturday, at noon-ish, and there was a traffic report on.  It wasn't from  Baltimore , the city I was currently in.  It could have been  Washington D.C. , because they mentioned a " rush hour " jam on the  George Washington Bridge .  But neither Baltimore nor D.C. has a  Lincoln Tunnel .   New York ?  My interest was piqued--could they be pumping a New York radio station to this store, pseudo-live?  What station--in  New York City ,  the juiciest, drippingest-with-people-to-advertise-at market in the East --could be playing for more than a half hour with no commercials?  I listened further, and the call letters came on, announced by a perky-sounding female DJ, who traded giggles with a hunky-sounding male: 
 W N Y C ... O 
 Five.  Letters. 
 Not four.  For those of you not familiar with American radio stations, three notes: 
 They suck, except the  NPR  stations.
 They can only have four call letters.
 WNYC  is the name of one of the best  NPR  stations in  New York City  that was taken  off the air  temporarily when its transmitter on the World Trade Center was destroyed on  September 11, 2001 .  It has never, and will never, play bad pseudo dance-pop.
 
 This mall propaganda was totally out of fucking compliance with FCC regulations .  Which was when I realized I'd been marketed at, and I'd bought it  hook, line, and sinker . 
This radio station, between big, raw, meaty chunks of  elephant dung  trying to pass for music, was pouring into my brain "the real sound of New York City!  WNYCO!" But they had realistic-sounding traffic reports!  They had...  DJ s?  Maybe not.  The more I thought about it, the more of a sham the whole thing appeared to be.  I pictured a studio in  Los Angeles  with a bubbly  starlet  wannabe and a washed-up soap commercial guy recording these little snippets of pseudo-genuine banter... it's like those bits of  flair  in  Office Space , or the way every  Wendy's  hamburger is shaped the same, but looks vaguely unique because of its erratically shaped edges! 
  I don't know why, but it really pissed me off that this store was trying to mentally relocate me, my ego, and my wallet (not to mention my girlfriend) to New York, to make me believe that I was in New York, shopping for the clothes "they" (or "you", if you're from there) shop for, that I was listening to "their" (or "your") music (or " shite ").  To increase my girlfriend's desire to purchase a  trampy  piece of  rayon  made half a world away from New York, they were beaming the idea into her brain that she was in New York City, and was therefore sexy/rich/sophisticated/gullible enough to deserve wearing this clothing.  This fantasy disturbs me, because I happen to think my girlfriend is quite all-of-the-above-except-gullible enough.  She can wear whatever she wants (or  nothing at all ) without having some fake radio station in a mall artificially inflating her self-worth.  I'd like to think we all have that right. 
 
 
 
 If I should die to-night  
And you should come to my  cold corpse  and say,  
Weeping and heartsick o'er my lifeless clay--  
   If I should die to-night,  
And you should come in deepest grief and woe--  
And say: "Here's that ten dollars that I owe,"  
   I might arise in my large white  cravat   
   And say, "What's that?"  
 
   If I should die to-night  
And you should come to my cold  corpse  and kneel,  
Clasping my  bier  to show the grief you feel,  
   I say, if I should die to-night  
And you should come to me, and there and then  
Just even hint 'bout payin' me that ten,  
   I might arise the while,  
   But I'd  drop dead  again.  
 
 --Ben King 
 
 
 
This is another great  mixed drink , although it's kind of like  haggis  and  fruitcake  in that it never turns out quite the same.  I'm sure it's known by many names...  George's Marvelous Medicine  comes to mind.  I won't claim that the  JHU   Mental Notes  get credit for inventing it, because it's probably been done ever since the second alcoholic drink was invented.  At a New Years' party of more or less  epic  proportions, we had practically run out of punch.  I say practically because it was no longer possible to dip into the bowl with one's cup, or the ladle, and get any punch out.  There was still a good inch left on the bottom of the bowl, though.  In addition, there were the following, in various states of disarray around the apartment:
 
  several half-empty bottles of fruit juice, each mixed liberally with a different  ethanol  product, in mystery concentrations
  a few fingers of  Jack Daniel's  whiskey
  a little more than a trickle of  vodka , two different bottles
  a small amount, maybe one or two shots, of  rum  or similar
  one unopened bottle of Woodchuck  cider 
  the rest of a bottle of champagne
  a pile of sugar left over from doing  lemon drops 
  some  blue curacao  from  The Blue Drink .
 
 
Wishing to make one more good solid  toast , and not wishing for some people to have to toast with pure hard  liquor , we did the  obvious  (read: phenomenally  stupid ) thing, and poured it all into the punch bowl.  We were referring to it as "Mystery Mental Notes Punch" before the toast.  Then we toasted, and at least two people said, simultaneously,  "Whoa, FUCK!" 
I don't recommend it unless you're with friends and you really, desperately need a  shared moment .  
 
 
 
 A  great  song from  Perry Farrell 's band  Porno for Pyros , from their self-titled  1993  album.  It suggests that maybe our purpose in the universe, as humans, is, well... less than the pinnacle of civilization.  More evidence that  Perry Farrell  did and continues to do lots of drugs.   Simpsons  fans may be reminded of  Kodos and Kang , but remember: they're from Rigel IV, not Mars.  This song is specific:  Martians . 
Lyrics: 

Children are  innocent ; teenagers,  fucked up in the head . 
Adults are  even more fucked up , and elderlies are  like children .  
Will there be  another race  to  
come along and take over for us? 
Maybe  Martians  could do 
better than we've done. 
We'll make great pets! 
 
CHORUS: 
We'll make great pets! x8  
 
My friend says we're like  
the  dinosaurs : unreal, we are  
 doing ourselves in   
much  faster than they ever did . 
 
CHORUS 
 
 
 
 "Stress Attack?  What a great name for a  mixed drink !" 
 --Russ Upton 
 
First off, this isn't the same thing as a  panic attack ; where a  panic attack  implies a loss of control, a stress attack usually results in an amazing amount of self-control.  This is what happens when you wake up Monday morning and you know--you just know, all the way to the core of your being--that you have absolutely no time to waste anywhere in the next seven days.  It's not that you don't have enough; if the list of things to do clearly outweighed the amount of time, a healthy, helpless  apathy  would set in.  It helps to be able to see the other side, to be able to identify something you can do for fun when you're  out of the weeds , like, "Sunday, I'm going to watch  The Simpsons , get  shit-faced , and skip all my Monday classes." 
This should be familiar to anyone in a  theatre  program, especially anyone who does  tech --you're probably nodding along and saying, "yeah, it's  Hell Week ."  A Hell Week is a good place to start, because it culminates in a show; other good ingredients for a Friday include  Senior Project s, a  briefing  for the General, and suchlike.  Add a few upper-level exams, important meetings, or random mid-level due dates that can't be pushed back, and it simmers.  Add an important social function that requires a large block of time, cool nerves, and absolutely can't be missed( wedding , job  interview , an old relative's  birthday  out of town...) and your stress attack will start to boil. 
During a good, long stress attack, I ordinarily experience any number of the following: 
 
 irregular pulse -- too fast or too slow
 hours of  intense focus  interrupted by short bursts of manic energy
 increased  sex drive 
 amazingly tight  reflex es and  coordination 
 apathy  towards pet peeves--general "cool" attitude
 decreased need for sleep (4 hours max) and nutrition
 a dim awareness, once or twice a day, that my entire body aches, and is slowly growing to resent all this " frontal brain function " bullshit
 absolute inability to recall events from long-term memory, or add anything new to long-term memory
 
 Your mileage may vary , of course, but I recommend staying hydrated and warmly clothed (they don't have to be clean clothes, but keep your body temperature up).   Caffeine is optional , but it will dehydrate you and burn you out faster... your pick.  Hackers familiar with  deep hack mode  may have other guidelines for dealing with eyestrain and wrist cramps.  No matter what, make sure that one or two friends know what you're going through.  If they have any brains, they'll tell the rest of your friends and you'll have a good support network for your stress attack.  And remember: 
 "Real  stress  is waking up screaming, and realizing that you weren't asleep." 
--scrawled on a desk at  JHU  during exam week 
 
 
 
From the  Yiddish : an old toast, a blessing, and a polite expression uttered after somebody sneezes, akin to the  German  " gezundheit ",  English  " bless you ", and  Gonzo 's "Zorgleflatz!"  Literally, "good health (in/to/all the way down to) your  belly button ."  Implies a wish for total  well-being , and embodies a rational, orderly  Teutonic  solution to a sneeze.  Where the English superstition presupposes  demons  and calls for the intervention of a higher power, the Yiddish version presupposes illness, and counters with a wish that you might get better, all the way down to your belly button--much more sensible, really.  
 
 Thanks to  koala  and  stand/alone/bitch  for the corrections--"ein gezund in der pupik" is from the Yiddish, not the Polish.  I learned it from the grandmother of a Polish-Jewish friend, and she never spelled it out for me; any grammar or spelling corrections are welcome. 
 
 
 
A strange, powerful, pulsating piece of music from  Led Zeppelin 's 1973 album  Houses of the Holy , The Ocean is not only  about  the ocean, it  is  the ocean.  The  time signature  is laid out in blocks of of 4 measures: 3 measures of  4/4 time  followed by a measure of  3/4 .  This crazy, stilted rhythm expresses the chaos of the ocean in a storm--the unpredictable explosions of force, the way it catches you off guard even if you've grown up around it.  Apparently, it's also a reference to the massive, foaming sea of people at a  Led Zeppelin  concert; I guess from  Jimmy's  viewpoint, it must have looked like an ocean.  If you turn up the volume when you listen to the beginning, you can hear  John Bonham  count the beat for the band, emphasizing syllables to give them the rhythm: 
 
"Done  four  already 
but  now  we're steady 
and  then they went : 
one, two, three, four!"
 
This could also be interpreted as self-congratulatory patter--they'd done four albums already, all of which went to number one in the  UK  charts.  If you  really  turn it up, you'll hear a  telephone  at 1:37. 
The verses are back in straight  4/4 time , but between each verse, the musical interludes are back in "ocean" time.  After the second verse and some more aggressive soloing, all dies down, and a brief  a cappella  interlude--almost a campfire song--comes in very quietly.  Don't turn up your speakers; the song comes back at full volume when you aren't expecting it (see a theme here?) and then scrambles into a manic, driving  2/2 time  for a jam that fades out to the end of the album. 
Lyrics: 


                  Singing in the sunshine, laughing in  the rain   
                  Hitting on the  moonshine , rocking in the grain  
                  Ain't no time to pack my bag, my foot's outside the door  
                  Got a date, I can't be late, for the high hopes hailla ball.  

                  Singing to an ocean, I can hear the ocean's roar  
                  Play for free, I play for me, I play a whole lot more, more!  
                  Singing about  good thing s and the sun that lights the day  
                  I used to sing on the mountains, 'cause the ocean lost its way.  
 a cappella , repeat twice: 
Na, na, na-na-na na, na, nana nanana nana na... 
Na, na, na-na-na na, na, nana nanana nana na. 

                  Sitting round singing songs 'til the night turns into day  
                  Used to sing on the mountains but the  mountain s washed away  
                  Now I'm singing all my songs to the  girl who won my heart   
                  She is only three years old and it's a real fine way to start.  
 
 
 
The first four  Led Zeppelin  albums seem like a family, a story arc, or some sort of musical rock  epic , mostly due to their numbering.  Houses of the Holy, released in 1973, is their first album that stands alone, not simply because of its (non-numeric) title, but also because it is a departure from their earlier, blues-influenced, pure  rock and roll  exuberance.  The album runs from the straight, frenetic sprint of  The Song Remains the Same , through the staggered tidal  time signature  of  The Ocean .  It stops along the way to dip into  Viking  mythology,  James Brown -inspired funk, and a little  reggae  just for kicks.  Almost an afterthought to their first four albums--a footnote to say, "we're more than you think"--it ignores their  roots  and reinforces all the stylistic surprises of the earlier work: a soft, moody number like  Going to California  is echoed in beginning of  The Rain Song .  The mystical edge from  Ramble On ,  Stairway to Heaven , and  Immigrant Song  comes back to haunt you in  No Quarter .  An amazing album from beginning to end, but certainly an  acquired taste ,  Houses of the Holy  shows the spectrum of what  Led Zeppelin  were capable of. 
Tracks: 
 
 The Song Remains the Same 
 The Rain Song 
 Over the Hills and Far Away 
 The Crunge 
 Dancing Days 
 D'yer Mak'er 
 No Quarter 
 The Ocean 
 
 
 The song "Houses of the Holy" comes from their massive album  Physical Graffiti , and features a guitar vamp in a  time signature  I've tentatively tagged as  9/8 time .  The vamp usually follows the lyric "You know," and serves as a great counterpoint to the other theme of the song. Most of the song is in a straight driving  4/4 time , in simple couplets that show off  Robert Plant 's voice more than anything else.  The rest of the band (or possibly some  howler monkey s) lend their voices to the hooting over the last minute or two of the song. 
Lyrics: 

Let me take you to the movies. Can I take you to the show? 
Let me be yours ever truly. Can I make your garden grow? 
From the houses of the holy, we can watch the white  dove s go;  
From the door comes  Satan's daughter , and it only goes to show...  You know. 

There's an angel on my shoulder, In my hand a  sword  of gold.  
Let me wander in your garden, and the  seeds of love  I'll sow...  You know.  

So the world is spinning faster--are you dizzy when you're stoned?  
--Let the music be your master. Will you heed the master's call? 
Oh...  Satan and man .  
 
Said, there ain't no use in crying, 'cause it will only, only drive you mad!  
Does it hurt to hear them lying? Was this the only world you had? 
Oh, oh!  
 
So let me take you, take you to the movie. Can I take you, baby, to the show? 
Why don't you let me be yours ever truly? Can I make your garden grow? 
You know. 
 
 
 Incidentally, also the name of an irrigation ditch - turned -  stoner  hangout in the  Delaware  woods near  St. Andrew's .  The closest thing to "the old Indian cave" from  Dead Poets Society  that existed. 
 
 
 
 v.   
 
 To have  sex  or  make out .  Implies "get some play", "get some ass", etc.  Syn.  score .
  To lose a fight, be injured, wounded, killed,  spreem ed, etc. Popularized from  Stanley Kubrick 's film  Full Metal Jacket .  " Animal Mother ", the  door gunner  on a  Huey , fires an  M-60  indiscriminately into the rice paddies at civilians, yelling at each one he hits to "Get some!"  Implies "get some of me", "have a piece of this".  Also used in  Army of Darkness  as a retort to a threat: 
"I'll swallow your  soul !" 
"Come  get some. "
 
 
 
 
Invented by  Robert Goddard  (1882-1945), a liquid-fuel rocket mixes a fuel and an  oxidizer  in a combustion chamber (sometimes with the help of an igniter), and disperses the exhaust products of the  exothermic  reaction through a  nozzle , producing thrust due to  Newton's Third Law .  Goddard launched the first liquid-fuel rocket on March 16, 1926, from his Aunt Effie's farm.  The flight lasted 2 and a half seconds; the rocket achieved a top speed of 60 mph (just shy of 110 kmh), a maximum altitude of 41 feet, and travelled  downrange  184 feet. 
Because liquid  fuel s can be stored separately from their  oxidizer s, they safely store much more chemical energy than the same mass of any stable solid fuel.  Common rocket fuels include just about any  flammable  liquid.  Common oxidizers are most nitric acids (esp.  IRFNA ) and of course,  liquid oxygen .  Goddard's first rockets used gasoline for fuel and liquid oxygen as the oxidizer.  It may prove educational for  Americans  to read about  Sergei Pavlovich Korolev  and  Wernher von Braun , to get an idea of how much of  liquid-fuel rocket   technology  came from  Russia .
 
 
 
 Acronym , and  nickname , for Inhibited Red Fuming Nitric  Acid , the storable  oxidizer  of choice for modern  liquid-fuel rocket s ( hydrogen  performs better, but it requires  cryogenic  storage).  Red fuming nitric acid is formed by passing  gaseous  N 2 O 4  through  garden variety  nitric acid, HNO 3 .  To make the red fuming nitric acid more stable, it is inhibited by an addition of 0.6 percent hydrofluoric acid, HF.  IRFNA reacts violently with  organic  materials, releasing large amounts of heat, and usually starting fires. 
Some common fuels used with IRFNA include  kerosene s,  hydrazine s, and in much older rockets,  ethanol s.  IRFNA is highly  corrosive , and (surprise!)  toxic  if ingested.  Because it's so reactive, it is also possible to die from skin contact with IRFNA.  
IRFNA, in addition to being an oxidizer for rocketry, can be combined with glycerin to make  nitroglycerin .  Basic instructions can be found in the novel " Fight Club ", but for specifics, consult a chemistry manual.

 
 
 
The airborne laser is a  Boeing  747-400  jumbo jet  with the world's largest and most powerful laser on board.  It's designed to be the center of a solid  Theater   Ballistic Missile  Defense, but many also see it as the first tier in a four-tiered  National Missile Defense .  Flying at altitudes of 40,000 feet or higher, the ABL would act as a  boost phase  interceptor.  Given the short burn times of today's missiles, the  ABL  would have less than five minutes to acquire a newly-launched missile, lock onto one spot on the missile's surface, and burn a hole through that spot.  On a  solid-fuel rocket , the target area would burn rapidly, either pushing the missile into a hard turn or causing the missile to burn itself up.  On a  liquid-fuel rocket , the target area is likely to be either the fuel tank or the  oxidizer  tank, and the result would almost certainly be an onboard explosion.  The obvious advantage is that the missile never leaves the country that launched it.  The main disadvantage is that the expensive, vulnerable airframe has to be within  laser  range of a missile launch--most likely enemy airspace, requiring fighter escorts.
 
 
 
 Integration by Parts 
 after  Henry Reed 's 
 Naming of Parts 
 
To-day's integration by parts.  Yesterday,  
We did  frustum s and  donut s.  And to-morrow morning, 
We shall learn  partial fractions .  But to-day,  
To-day's integration by parts.   Squirrel s  
Scamper around by the building, 
 	And to-day's integration by parts. 
 
This is the indefinite  integral .  And this 
Is the definite integral, whose use you will see, 
When you have to do areas.  And this is the loop integral, 
Which in your case,  you do not get .  The birds 
Swoop and flutter, rejoicing in good food and freedom, 
 	Which in your case, you do not get. 
 
This is the  homework , which is always completed 
By the next day's class.  And please do not let me 
See anyone writing in  pen .  You can do it quite neatly 
If you have a pencil or two.  The  oak  tree 
which stood out the window is  gone , made into 
 	A pencil or two. 
 
And this is a  syllabus .  The purpose of this  
Is to give you more problems, as you see.  We can make it 
Change with a  breath  and a nudge: we call this  
Adapting to demands.  With a breath and a nudge, 
The wind makes the snow fall and glisten: 
 	They call it adapting to demands.   
 
They call it adapting to demands:  it is perfectly easy 
If you have an hour or two: like the syllabus, 
And the schedule, and the definite integral, and the homework, 
Which in your case you did not get; see the squirrels 
and the birds getting ready for  winter , breathing and nudging each other, 
 	and to-day's integration by parts.  
 
 
 
 --Jurph 
 
 
 
 She 
 
cranks the  window  down and reaches 
her arm out our lazy window 
into sixtythree m p h  or so and 
cranks the sunset up she 
 
loves how the colors swirl  late summer days 
thumps the door in time with the catchy 
static and laughs 
"at what" my eyes on the road I 
wish I was  gutsy  and  blonde  and  in love  she 
 
answers with another laugh 
wants to cut my name in the  vangogh  colors 
with maybe a broken beer bottle 
but I say no 
"you can't cut fire 
you'll just burn your hands" 
and besides "you shouldn't play with glass" she 
 
was just trying to be nice but I 
had to keep my eyes on the road 
no matter how much I 
wanted to see the sunset behind her hair she 
 
pulls her hand in 
leaves the window down 
when it gets dark goes to sleep I think pouting 
when I  shift gears , slowing into 
No-town at three a m, she 
 
wraps her hand over mine without waking up 
between lips like crimson  clouds  she 
 
says through too much  darkness  as hard as I try I can't 
crank the window up on her she 
 
won't be ignored by my 
eyes on the road 
 
she's  fire , she says, 
why do I even try to cut her? 
 
 
 This is a summer poem about a girl, and about sunsets in August, and about how the two have a lot in common.  It's also about driving stick shift in a car when the other person's asleep.  I'm not sure if I was in love at the time or just mooning over someone; the original writing is long since gone, but I've worked this over several times, and I think that even if it's not part of my own experience, maybe it'll help you see a spark that you missed in one of your own.  Enjoy. 
 
 
A  military  adage, from the  intelligence  community.  It is very difficult to gauge the intent of an enemy who doesn't think like you, who doesn't look like you, who doesn't wage war like you.  This is one of the few rules that has made it into the  canon  of  intelligence  wisdom.  It's very similar to the civilian philosophy that " When all you have is a hammer, all your problems look like nails ."  The Department of  Justice  can use this philosophy to prosecute people like the  Unabomber , who get caught hoarding materials for home made  pipe bomb s.  The three word phrase is almost  self-explanatory , but here's a very brief example: 
 
  Country A and Country B are traditionally enemies.
  Country A usually maintains several divisions of  tank s at the border with Country B, and Country B maintains a moderately resilient force with a defense-only posture.
  For no apparent reason, Country A scales down its  tank  and  troop  presence at the border.
  Two weeks later, Country A releases footage of a successful  IRBM  launch.
 
 
You may think this means that Country A is preparing for a war, but based on the idea that capability implies intent, you can safely say that Country A  won't  invade Country B with tanks anytime soon.  The somewhat scary downside is that, because they are capable of launching IRBMs, you have to assume they intend to use them, possibly in a  first strike  that eliminates the need for a  war , and they don't want to pressure Country B with tanks until they have enough missiles built. 
 
One more succinct example, from my father's advice to me as a child: "Never point a gun at anything you don't want to shoot."
 
 
 I definitely agree with the assessment below--using this doctrine as your sole source of intelligence is a bad idea, as it paints the scariest, most conservative estimate, and sketches in details that may not be there at all.  Most analysts agree that no action should be taken based on the content of one report; unfortunately, an analyst's job is to provide intelligence, and not to suggest a course of action. 
 
 
 
 There is a  military  adage used when calculating an opponent's intentions: " capability implies intent ."  As a sysadmin, mechanic, carpenter, or  skydive r, if you're at all sane, you'll plan for equipment failure.
 I keep a pair of  MRE 's in my trunk, with road flares, stout rope, jumper cables, and some other stuff that might not belong there, if I should ever get in an accident.  So, yes, I technically have a backup.  But the word "always", well...  all generalizations are bad . 
Have a backup when you're charging an enemy foxhole. Have a backup when you pick a restaurant on Friday and you haven't made reservations.  Have a backup when you're  planning an elaborate prank .  But love?  No way.  
Love is about trust.  The risk of terrible heartache is what makes love sweet.  It's what makes a  passionate kiss  more than a peck, what makes spontaneous road trips so fun.  It's about living in the moment, enjoying what you have, and not thinking about what you will have or what you might not have. 
I  had  a backup.  We said that if we turned 30 and hadn't married anyone else, we'd go ahead and get hitched.  It turns out that she didn't know the first thing about trust; I caught her reading my  journal , and ever since, well... that's not the kind of friend I keep.  The girl I ended up with instead--the one I almost didn't get together with--has been my best friend, my lover, and all the backup I need, for the last three years. 1 

1.  Node for the ages  caveat : we're  married  now.
 
 
 
I guess I don't really regret it.  I mean, it was a long time ago.  I was out with some friends at this bar, just nursing our drinks, when this rowdy bunch of  fighter pilot s come in, fresh from the  Clone Wars --they'd been assigned out near  Tatooine , so it wasn't really any surprise they'd come here for a drink after years of living here, mixing it up with the  droid s and the  clone s.  Most of them were your typical rowdy, randy  asshole s, but one of them was quieter, more alert.... 
and a total hunk. 
Do I ordinarily go for  mysterious men ?  Well, yes, when I can't get a tall, dark and handsome  Wookiee .  Anyhow, he said his name was " Anakin Skywalker ," which sounded so corny, I knew he was lying.  We really hit it off, and I gave him a  fake name , too, the name of some woman who walked in on me with her husband a month before.  Cute girl.  Anyhow. 
So my friends weren't having any luck, and they decided to go home, but I stayed there at the bar; why not?  He was a dreamboat, and every word he said made me swoon.  This guy, it was like, I don't know, some crazy  Vulcan mind meld  or whatever.  We left a few hours later, and went back to his place, a total hole in the wall where he was staying on  shore leave .  Well, we were just about to, you know,  mine the spice ,  shock the Jawa , ride the Taunton, whatever you want to call it... and this total asshole bursts through the door.  Jedi -looking grimy granola tree-hugger, you know, and he says "Anakin, we have to go, now, the  Sith  are coming for you!" 
And then I got even more excited, but frustrated at the same time, because he was, like, totally gone.  I mean, who knew this guy had such a  Dark Side ?  Fighter pilot, Sith chasing him everywhere.  Well, I mean, I figured he just owed them money or something.  I didn't even have time to say anything, he was just gone.  I saw the door slide shut, and it was like I woke up from a nap. 
Anyway, that's how I met him.  So when he showed up at the same bar a few weeks ago, I immediately recognized him.  I mean, choking people from across the room,  cleaving them in twain  with his  lightsaber ... man, that  long, red, throbbing lightsaber ... sure he was all decked out in black, and he had that mask on, but I totally recognized him--maybe it was the walk.  After he finished killing everyone in the bar, he was just about to kill me, too, and he took his mask off--well, not the breathing apparatus, just the faceplate.  Girl-l-l-l... nuh-uh!  No way!  He was still the same hottie, just older, a little wrinkled, with lava scars all over.  I didn't even realize it then, and I could have kicked myself--I'm getting ahead of myself.  Anyway, he says, "Hey, babe, I'm almost done here.  How about I finish up and we go back to my place, and do some catching up?" 
What could I say?  Of  course  I went back with him.  Now, you've got to understand.  I'm not a  slut  or anything. It's not like I  sleep around , I just, y'know, really like variety.  It's the spice of life.  Maybe he thought he was the only guy in my life--you know, that  Dark Jedi  ego--but there had been a few other guys in the meantime... a  Hutt  or two, some  Ewok s... but mostly humans.  And I was laying on the couch, racking my brain to remember who he reminded me of. 
He poured us drinks, and we laid down together, and it was like a half-hour later, I was having sex with  the   Darth Vader , that I got through the whole checklist: 
 
 long, flowing robe
 direct line to supreme ruler of the Universe
 funny hat
 carries a big scepter to make up for certain, um,  shortcomings 
 subjects cower in fear and  genuflect  whenever he comes around
 not very good in bed...
 
I put it all together!  After Anakin had ditched me, we all took a vacation to the Outer Rim, and I was looking for a nice guy, just a fling, you know, and I met this "The Pope" guy, and we totally had a one-night stand.  He got up the next morning and said he "had to go to  church " (what a lame excuse), and I had this total crush on him, but the girls were leaving, so I got on the ship, and I never saw him again. 
Well, this Darth Vader guy was a  dead ringer  for him!  We're there doing a  Sith-ty Nine , and it's all I can do not to scream out "John Paul!" I was so embarrassed, I just faked it and got the hell out of there.
 
 this is the result of a  nodeshell challenge . 
 
 
 
How much can you know about yourself if you've never been in a fight?  I grant you: not much.  But how much can you know about yourself if all you ever do is fight?  This is going to sound a little crazy, but let me spew a few lines from the front of the novel before I dump my interpretation on you. 
 
The barrel of the gun pressed against the back of my throat, Tyler says, "we really won't  die." 
(...) 
"This isn't really death," Tyler says.  "We'll be legend.  We won't grow old."
 
 Fight Club  (yes, I know, the first and second rules... what are you gonna do,  cut my balls off ?) is not about  violence , nor about  consumerism .  It's not about embracing nihilism, and it's not about living in a  Starbucks  world either.  To be a disciple of the movie  Fight Club , I'm terribly sorry, but you're going to have to  think  in more than  yin and yang , more than  black and white .
 
Not only did  Edward Norton 's deluded capitalist  sheep  of a character have it wrong, but  Tyler Durden  also had it wrong.   Tyler Durden  was simply a manifestation of  the narrator 's internal knowledge that something in his life was very, very wrong.  Tyler embraced  nihilism , the willful destruction of everything that tied him to his individuality: "You are not a unique  snowflake !"  The Narrator, on the other hand, clings to his pathetic  life .  He can't  let go  no matter what.  His  yin-yang  coffee table symbolizes his  divided  mind--of course it's difficult to peel away from such a coddled life. 
So  Tyler Durden  shows up, and there is no half-assed peeling done.  In one hard, clean yank--in a fiery explosion--the Narrator's possessions, his consumerized  Ikea  life, his identity, all disappear, and Tyler is free to shape him. 
But  Tyler Durden  is everything that  the Narrator  is not.  Tyler Durden doesn't give a damn about  Marla  as anything other than a piece of  meat .  The Narrator, though he initially finds her repulsive, obviously cares for her.  The only caring that occurs in  Project Mayhem  is a  military  cameraderie.  The dead are bodies, evidence, wormfood, until the Narrator tells them that  Robert Paulson --an oaf, but a friend--has a name! 
Tyler's whole  raison d'etre  is getting the Narrator to "wake up", to no longer be afraid of dying or hurting (or loving, which also hurts...), to attack his life with gusto.  All of  Fight Club , all of  Project Mayhem  is aimed toward this goal.  The logical conclusion (the explosions, the giant pranks) are taking the nihilistic ideal too far; but the tighter the Narrator clings to life, the harder Tyler Durden, his  polar opposite , will pull him towards the  void .   The abyss does, indeed, gaze also , and it gazes from both extremes.  From the last chapter of the novel:  
 
 
Of course, when I pulled the trigger, I died. 
Liar. 
And Tyler died. 
... 
We are not special. 
We are not crap or trash, either. 
We just are. 
We just are, and  what happens just happens . 
And  God  says, "No, that's not right." 
Yeah.  Well.  You can't teach God anything. 
 
 Chuck Palahniuk , the author of the novel, isn't advocating suicide when the Narrator pulls the trigger.  The self-inflicted wound is symbolic soul surgery.  The Narrator's last words before he shoots himself are "Listen carefully:  my eyes are open . "  That is:
 
 "Tyler, your work here is done."   
"Tyler, I'm not going to let you kill Marla to teach me about pain." 
"Tyler, this bullet is going to kill  both of us. " 
When the smoke clears, Tyler's job is done, and the Narrator, as we knew him, is dead.  I think that when you see the credits roll, Marla gets to go home and sleep with the best of both worlds.
 
Quotations from  Fight Club , novel by  Chuck Palahniuk , c.1996,  Owl  books.
 
 
 
 A passionate kiss is  lightning  that hits you on the lips, and dumps a searing, white current through you... 
 one  ampere  at a time. 
 A passionate kiss is  
when everything around you  
turns to curling, churning  napalm ,  
and a silent wind rises up and blows it away; 
 the ashes it leaves behind are damp, though, like your lips. 
 
 
A passionate kiss erases your memory of what has gone before the kiss, removes all desire to know what will be after the kiss, and lets you live out your life in the long moment. 
 
You are only thinking about the kiss. 
   The person you are kissing is only thinking about kissing you.  
  But-- neither of you is thinking at all . 
 
 
 
 Vocal percussion has its roots all over the world; before it was  American , it was from the south of  India , and  Africa .  In addition to being great for you mentally--since you have to be able to  listen  and  hear  drums precisely--it's also an  aerobic  exercise that can make  novice s pass out or at least get very  dizzy .  It breeds nice abs and good blood pressure, and makes a neat party trick.  Some day, I would love to meet a true  vocal percussion guru .  Maybe he will show me the  Cowbell . 
 Until that day, I place my manual for beginners here.  Don't be afraid to spit on the monitor. 
 
Audio examples of me,  qeyser , and  GS_Threeve  percussing in the studio with  lyric  are available at http://centaur.acm.jhu.edu/~lyric/huh/ (for the time being).
 
 The Basics 
 
 Fair warning: vocal percussion is a lot of fun, but it really annoys some people, and when you've done it long enough, you won't even notice that you're doing it.  This could be a  bad thing  if you're in a business meeting and get  Stairway to Heaven  stuck in your head.  As  VT_hawkeye  notes above, you will also tend to spray  spittle  all over the place.  Needless to say, this makes the habit unattractive to some people. That said, here are the most basic steps of beginning to be a vocal percussionist. 
 
  Listen to  music  with drums in it; I recommend  Led Zeppelin ,  The Who , and  The Rolling Stones , whose drummers were masters of the craft, but any band with a decent drummer will do.  Alternatively, you can listen to  rap , which occasionally has complex beats that are repeated  ad infinitum  throughout.  Some of the best rappers of all time  sample  the drumming of  John Bonham , though, so why not go with the original?  I don't recommend pop, especially today's  pop , because the beats are dumbed down and thinned out so much that they're no more expressive than a  metronome .  If you're honestly serious about learning vocal percussion, music with  real drummers  needs to be a part of your life. 
  Find your  diaphragm .  If nobody can hear you, what's the point of percussing?  I do not advocate listening to the  atrocity  that is  Who Let the Dogs Out , but barking in that manner will teach you some diaphragm control.  Anyone who was in the  military  can teach you to bark an order from the diaphragm, too;  officer s and drill  sergeant s may have a little more practice.  For a live-fire demonstration, say the word " Hua !" loudly to any  Marine , and listen to the response.  If you didn't notice any difference between yours and theirs, say "Hua!" again, a little louder than the Marine did.  When the Marine has sufficiently motivated you, go practice saying "Hua" in front of a mirror, and watch your belly when you do it.  After a little practice, you will feel like you've been doing  sit-up s and your  abdomen  will be a little sore.  This means you're doing it right. 
  Start with a simple  bass  drum. The words "doo" and "boo" (with the "oo" coming from the gut) are  syllable s that will last you the rest of your days.  They are  ubiquitous ,  omnipresent , and also really important.  If your voice tends to be a  bass  or  baritone  voice (for men) or a  tenor  or  alto  (for women), you will have more luck with getting an  authentic  bass drum flavor to your sound.  Once you have the start of both the "D" and "B" bass drums, try pinching your lips around the "oo" sound so you get "Doof" or "Dfff" or even "Bvvvfff" from the rapid airflow.     I'll pause here to note that my transliterations of the sounds are not ever going to be exact, because  drumspeak  never is; as with all communication, you need to be able to meet the communicator halfway. 
These bass drum sounds will form the root of every beat you create.   Practice  these by listening to any  rock  music (or any music in simple  4/4 time ) and making your bass drum sound when the drummer makes his.   When the Levee Breaks , by  Led Zeppelin , has the  epitome  of all bass drums in it, and makes worthy practice. 
  Listen to more music with real drummers in it.  Like  noding , it's much easier to do well when you've watched the experts do it. Unlike noding, you can practice it in the car.  Then again, noding doesn't get spittle on the inside of your windshield (or  windscreen  for our UK brethren). 
  Learn your struck  snare drum  sounds.  These are generally formed with the consonant "K" or "P" or "T"--notice that "P" is a "B" with no vocalization, and "T" is likewise a "D".  A vocalized "K" is a "G", and I don't use them for my bass drum--they're just  awkward .  But you're welcome to repeat step three with some "G" sounds--I'll leave it as  an exercise to the reader .  Unlike your bass drum sounds, the vowels should not be vocalized.  When I talk about a "Kah" snare (my personal favorite), it's really the letter "K", kicked out of my mouth by a diaphragm hit, while my  oral cavity  is shaped like I'm going to say "ahhh" for the  doctor .  Try a few of those, and don't vocalize.  Mix in some "T" and "P" snares, and when you've got those, begin pinching off the ending for a smooth "Tfffff" or "Kfffff" sound.  This may be easier than leaving it open for some folks--that's good, but you need to be able to do both.  To practice your snare, I recommend  Ants Marching  by the  Dave Matthews Band .  You can ignore all the funky stuff  Carter Beauford  is doing with the cymbals and woodblocks... for now. 
  Go back to your radio for some more music.  This time, practice laying both the bass drum and snare drum over the drummer's line.  You may be able to visualize the beat, even if you don't read music, and if you can, you'll see where cymbals should be.  If you've got an inclination for  mimicry , you may already be adding in cymbals.  Great!  If not, read on. 
  As  Phish  so eloquently put it: "What is a band without  cymbals ?   Cymbals  are  grand !"  Add a closing "s" or "sh" to any of your snare sounds, and you've got a cymbal.  You can also make the sound of a  high hat  cymbal while you  inhale , which will be useful when you start to have all four (or  three , or  five , or...) beats covered in a measure.  These can be sustained for a big crash cymbal effect, or pinched down to almost nothing to make a nice tight  ride  cymbal.  If you're not looking for sustained sound, you don't need your diaphragm for these--try to do a long series of "Ts" cymbals, one after the other, and you'll see the only limit is the amount of air in your lungs.  To fix this, learn to make an inhaling cymbal: touch your tongue to the roof of your mouth, smile with your mouth open, and breathe in quickly.  For breathing lessons, you may want to learn some  correct tuba playing techniques , but with a sharp inhalation, you'll get a satisfactory cymbal sound with minimal effort. There is a huge amount of variation available in all of these sounds, so experiment and  have fun .  If you want cymbal practice,  Sting 's  Shape of my Heart  is a beautiful song that can be done well on a number of experience levels. 
  This is where the road forks.  Depending on what you like to percuss to, you'll want to learn how to do woodblocks, snare rolls, toms, bongos... the list goes on and on.  If I get good feedback on this node, I may tack on my methods for other sounds later, or add other mini nodes to it.  The best advice I can give is to experiment with shaping your mouth, changing tongue position, or mixing in a rolled ( Spanish ) "R".  When you've got the core of your sound  toolbox  together and some extras, move on to building beats. 
  This is sort of your  belt test , but it's also very practical.  Well, as practical as vocal percussion gets.  Pick a song, listen to it over and over, and learn its beat inside and out.  Good beginner pieces include anything by  AC/DC ,  Aerosmith , or  The Rolling Stones .  Make sure the sounds in the song aren't too complex for you, and begin building a vocal percussion beat out of this song.  Most songs in  4/4 time  will have a basic structure of "Doo (x) Kah (x)" where (x) is a cymbal or other sound.  Try substituting different kinds of bass drum.  When you've figured out what sound best imitates that drummer's bass drum on that song, move on to the snare.  Once the root of the beat is firmly in your mind, move the cymbals and extras, and find a place that you can add an inhale cymbal or a silent breath.  Once you've built up a beat that you can cycle without having to stop for breath, loop it, and start doing it along with the song. 
  You may have noticed that the drummers aren't always playing a straight beat--they change it between the verse, the chorus, and the bridge, and every 4, 8, or 16 measures they go  temporarily insane  and do "some crazy stuff with, like, every drum in their kit, man."  That's a fill.  They separate the good from the great from the  godlike .  Learn to duplicate those, learn to make up your own, and learn when not to use them, and  complete  is your  training .  A  Jedi  you will be.  No, just kidding--you won't even be a  Perl ninja .  You'll just be another vocal percussionist, loose on the streets of your city, spitting and twitching every time  Rock and Roll  comes on the radio.  But you'll be a  good  vocal percussionist.  They will be annoyed, but they will also be awed. 
 
 
 this node is still far from complete; suggestions are welcome. 
 
 
 
The name for the unique  patchwork  colouration of many herding  dog s such as the  border collie  and  Australian Shepherd , as well as a generalized name for dogs of this colouration.  In usage, the word is analagous to the use of  calico  when describing a cat.  The  American Kennel Club  judges some breeds of dog based on the inclusion or exclusion of certain colors from their merle, which can include red, brown, black, sable, grey, and blue(!).  Merles that are of unacceptable colouration are still loved and prized all around the world, but particularly in the  British Isles , where they are cherished farm dogs and friends.   Jimmy Page  said it best in  Bron-Y-Aur Stomp : "Ain't no companion like a blue-eyed merle!"  
 
 
 
The Refreshments were Brian Blush, David Clyne, P.H. Naffah, and Buddy Edwards.  They were a great rock band, but they were also, technically, a  one hit wonder .  They released four albums and broke up shortly after doing the theme song for  King of the Hill  on  Fox .  Wheelie , their first album, was released in December of 1994.   Lo, Our Much Praised Yet not Altogether Satisfactory Lady  came out shortly thereafter as a local follow-up to the success of  Wheelie , which had outsold  Vitalogy  in Tempe, Arizona shortly after its release. 
Then came  Fizzy, Fuzzy, Big & Buzzy , their third time charm.   Fizzy, Fuzzy, Big & Buzzy  was essentially a remake of their first album,  Wheelie , with listener-friendly and  studio -driven cosmetic changes, as well as two more tracks, but  PolyGram  owned it, and marketed the hell out of it.  It contained their biggest (and only) hit,  Banditos , which featured the  truism  " Everybody knows that the world is full of stupid people " in its chorus.  Even though most people only know that one song, the album is one of the most solid beginning-to-end albums I've ever listened to.  A fourth album,  The Bottle and Fresh Horses , was released to radio stations in August 1997, but never generated enough  buzz  to be widely known, and they faded into obscurity.  Their songs are about  alcohol ,  fishing ,  women , and living near  Mexico , where the laws get a little blurry after a few shots of  tequila .

 
 
 
 Military  slang: directly behind you, as in "six o' clock".  To "check one's six" means to verify that you're not being tailed.  I believe you can hear the urgent advice "Check your six!" in  Top Gun  and possibly  Iron Eagle .  I have no idea if actual  pilot s still use this terminology, but the rest of the  Air Force  does.
 
 
 
So, several friends of a friend of mine,  Star Wars  fans and  stoner s all,  got invited to a  New Year's Eve  party in  North Carolina , the state in which two of them attended college. Their homes were in  Maryland  and  Delaware  at the time, and the invitation was tendered by phone on the morning of December 31, when the rather substantial party had already begun.  Since these friends of mine had settled in and already begun to  pre-party  with a large amount of  alcohol , and, I suspect, a little  marijuana , they were in no condition to attempt a drive of several hours. 
Luckily, they were at (we'll call him) Dave's house.  Dave's little brother had just turned 16, and had his  learner's permit , which is almost as good as a  driver's license  in  Maryland .  One of the biggest problems with it is that you're required to have a parent or guardian in the car with you until it turns into a license.  This was better than driving drunk, and as a bonus, Dave's little brother would get to see a real  college   party  two years before his due!  How could he refuse?  Dave's parents were out of town (hence the pre-partying), and wouldn't be back until late on January 2nd! 
The road trip commenced after a brief bout of thinking, which was deemed ineffective, and some more drinking, which was highly effective.  The car was packed thusly: all the alcohol for the party was rolled up in sleeping bags and placed in the trunk, where sleeping bags go.  One bottle was retained for the passengers.  Right before they pulled out of the driveway, one of them (we'll call him Matt) remembered the  stash .  Retrieving it from the house, he handed it to Dave, who tucked it in the glove compartment on top of the registration. 
With Dave's little brother at the wheel and Dave at shotgun navigating more or less accurately, they were underway.  Dave's little brother began to worry out loud about the drugs and his less-than- kosher  license when they crossed the state line into  Virginia .  The others, happily  blurred  around the edges, assured him that there would be no problems. 
Of course, there are always problems.  Because of a wrong turn, they lost almost an hour, and convinced Dave's little brother to edge his speed up around ten miles per hour over the limit.  This wouldn't be a problem on main roads in  Virginia , or even on the biggest roads in  North Carolina , as the  fuzz  generally prefer to nail you on the little back roads as you get farther south.... usually.  But this was New Year's Eve, and the  cops  were out in force.  No sooner had they crossed into North Carolina than bubble lights appeared on their  six  o' clock.  They were, in a word,  busted . 
The open container was tucked away under a seat, and a quick plan was hatched: Dave's little brother would show his learner's permit, but claim that he had just bought the car used, and didn't have all the paperwork done.  The other three would sit, silently, appearing not to be  drunk  or  stoned , which they definitely were, and under no circumstances would Dave open the glove compartment.  They would take the  speeding ticket , pay it, and get on with their lives.  The cop approached. 
"License and registration, please." 
Dave's little brother, more terrified than he had ever been in his life, choked.  "I, uhhh, don't have my license on me.  All we've got is the registration." 
"Well, get it out." 
"I can't, it's in the glove compartment." 
"So, take it out." 
Dave's little brother looks to Dave for some sort fo rescue, realizing that he has  screwed the pooch .  Dave gives his brother  one of those looks , and decides to roll with it.  It was dusk, so he might be able to pull it off... he opened the glove box, reached under the  Ziploc  full of  weed , took out the registration, and slid it calmly out from beneath the  evidence .  As he pulled it out, the baggie shifted and tumbled out onto the open hatch of the door.  Dave knocked it quickly to the floor and handed the officer the registration.  The officer met Dave's eyes and said, "What's in the bag son?" 
Dave withdrew from space and time into a moment of pure Nirvana, and weighed his options.  He looked directly at the officer with wide, serious eyes, held up one hand, palm outward with the first two fingers extended, made a mysterious gesture, and said, as soberly as he could, in what I'm told was a perfect impression of  Sir Alec Guinness , 
"These aren't the  drugs  you're looking for."
 
The officer took a long, hard look at Dave, shook his head as if to say "no, that won't do at all," told them to stay where they were, and walked back to his car for about ten minutes. When he returned, he gave them a speeding ticket, a citation for driving without carrying a license, and a great story to tell at the party. 
 
 As with  the Infamous Bell Tower Prank of 1996 , names have been changed to protect the oh-so- guilty .  It is worth noting that I have heard this story retold by someone other than my friends who appear in it, and I myself heard it told by one of them but never confirmed it -- this story is, in all likelihood, a  friend of a friend  story that never actually happened. 
 
 
 
 The largest county in  Delaware  by area, it has the smallest human population.  This population dwarfs the population of many other states when you count the  chicken s, however:  at any given moment, Sussex County has, on average, over 500 chickens per person.  This is one of the reasons that Delaware's state bird is the  blue hen . 
 Sussex County has several beautiful  beach  towns, which draw  tourist s every summer primarily from  Washington D.C. ,  Baltimore ,  Pennsylvania , and occasionally  New Jersey .  Among these towns are  Bethany Beach ,  Fenwick Island , and  Rehoboth Beach , our nation's "summer capital" (so-called because  everyone who's anyone  from Washington, D.C. takes their vacation there).  Because of its  cosmopolitan  summer population, Rehoboth has many excellent restaurants.  Rehoboth also has a very large, vocal, and supportive  gay  and  lesbian  community.  This occasionally runs  widdershins  to the other 90% of the county's inhabitants, who are, at best, intelligent open-minded people living in a rural area, and at worst,  redneck s and  bigot s.  I like to think the latter are a dying breed, but Sussex was the only county to fight for the South in the American  Civil War , and old habits die hard. 
 The  poultry  industry, with such kingpins as  Purdue ,  Allen , and  Tyson , is a major employer in the west of the county, and a giant force in the local economy.  Migrant workers from  Mexico ,  Laos ,  Guatemala , and  Vietnam  all come to Delaware for the (relatively) good pay to be had doing the unpalatable work that goes on in a poultry processing plant.  In the summer, their children typically get jobs on chicken farms as chicken catchers, or helping with the corn crop.  While many of the migrants are poor, several hard-working families have risen to become household names within the county's social, political, business, religious, and school athletic circles (which often overlap heavily). 
 The county seat is  Georgetown , and it is fairly central to the county.  The south edge of the county is the state line, and is  collinear  with the  Mason-Dixon Line , and runs east to west.  The western edge of the county is also a state line with  Maryland , was also surveyed by  Mason and Dixon , and is dotted with towns like  Delmar  and  Marydel .  The southern and western edges meet in the center-point of the  Delmarva Peninsula ,  equidistant  from the  Chesapeake Bay  and  Atlantic Ocean .  The north edge of the county is formed by the  Mispillion River  and a westward line from the Mispillion's southwesternmost point.  North of that line is  Kent County, Delaware . 
 There are no  interstate  highways in Sussex County, and no "exits": all roads are surface roads, and there are very few places where a road will have more than two lanes going in any one direction.   U.S. Highway 13  runs north through the county, as does  U.S. Highway 113 , an offshoot of US-13.  Maryland/Delaware 404 runs east-to-west from  Kent Island, Maryland  all the way to Rehoboth, keeping its numerical designation across the state line (it is incorrectly signed as a US road in two places).  Delaware Route 1 runs north-south along the coast.  Major east-west roads through Sussex County are all two-digit even numbers: DE-18, DE-20, DE-24, DE-26, DE-30, and DE-54 are the most commonly used.  Because of the swamps and irregular parcels of farmland, our grid is not as clean as the rural grids found in the midwest, but it is a grid. 

http://www.sussexcounty.net/about/index.cfm
 
 
 
A service  Amtrak  offers to people wishing to travel through the same cities as  I-95 , but by train, the nominal advantages being that it's somewhat faster, everyone can sleep, and there's no  traffic .  You drive your  car  up to a lot at your starting city, where a  valet  drives it up onto specialized compartments on the back of a passenger train.  You get on the train and have a seat, and when you get to your destination, your car is there waiting for you in a parking lot, with only minor dents and scratches.  As with all forms of long distance transportation, you meet some funny people, and  hijinks  are bound to ensue.  See:  The Amtrak Arcade-Car Ruse 
 
 
 
My dad gets  mad props  for this one.  His ability to come up with a  prank  on the fly far surpasses the  elegance  of any intricately planned stunt like  The Infamous Bell Tower Prank of 1996 .  There's just something beautiful about something so small.  Instead of gushing about it, how about I just tell the story? 
We were taking the  Amtrak   AutoTrain  from Wilmington,  Delaware  down to  Florida  to visit my grandmother one summer.  Our little family sedan was safely tucked away in the back of the train, and we were sitting comfortably in the passenger area up front; adjacent to the  engineer 's cabin in the  locomotive , we later found out.  As I sat, fidgeting, an announcement came over the  intercom : 
"The observation car will be open in 10 minutes.  Seating will be  first-come, first-served , and we ask that you share the view with others." 
A train car?  With a view?   Amtrak  had outdone itself!  I was no more than ten years old, and thought that this was just slicker than snot on a porcelain doorknob.  It was a  good thing , to be sure.  So my father took me by the hand, and we walked about half the length of the train to the observation car.  Our seats were all the way up front, so we didn't expect to get a spot in the observation car at all. 
When we got there, amazingly enough, there were only 4 people in front of us in line--a family of two parents (I wasn't aware of it at the time, but I suspect these were  yuppies ), and two kids.  Nay,  brat s. The line piled up behind us, and the doors were opened.  We poured up the stairs (stairs on a train!  Oy veh !) and a miracle awaited my young eyes. 
The stairs led up to a passenger area much like the ones below, with two big differences.  First, the seats were luxurious  first class  jobs, with deep cushiony upholstery, so there were only two seats in each row--one on each side of the aisle.  Second, there were no windows or roof!  The floor of the observation deck was set about three feet below the roofline of the rest of the train, and where the conventional walls stopped, a big, clear plastic  dome  wrapped over the top.  This afforded the people in the front two seats a beautiful forward view of the surrounding  countryside .  Everyone else got a nice side view, and a bit of a look at the horizon to the front. 
It became apparent to everyone that the two  yuppies  and their kids had the  best seats in the house .  Everyone but them, I guess.  Mom and dad were in the second row, and their kids were up front.  With the kids enthralled by the view of miles of  South Carolina  scrubland whooshing by, mom and dad took a break from the tedious chore of parenting--The Dad opened up a  Wall Street Journal  at arm's length, and The Mom sunk down in her chair to read  Newsweek .  Sensing their parents'  apathy , the kids took  MicroMachines  out of their pockets and began jumping up and down on the seats, noisily bashing small metal cars into the dome, each other, the seats... anything they could reach.  I can only assume they were both doing it. The Dad's newspaper was blocking my view. 
You probably have guessed that my dad and I were in the third row, behind the parents (and I use the term loosely) and their  brat s.  None of them was observing anything.  Because of them, nobody in the car was observing anything.  My dad grew frustrated quickly.  Seeing my fun spoiled, he switched seats with me, so I could at least look past The Mom and see the grandeur of South Carolina with a noisy, spoiled little shit silhouetted against it.  I believe my thoughts at the time were more like "those kids are really being babies," but that loses something in the translation. 
My dad asked The Dad to put down his newspaper so that he (and the people behind us--at least 8 more rows!) could see out the front.  The  yuppie   jerk  replied something along the lines of "it's a free country, pal."  A verbal  middle finger .  Ten minutes or so went by.  I don't know if my dad was simply humoring me, or if he spent those minutes concocting his plan. 
He leaned over across the aisle and asked if I could see anything.  I replied that I couldn't, and that it was starting to get boring.  Dad asked if I wanted to leave.  I said, "sure, I guess so," and started to get up. Dad grabbed my wrist, and whispered in my ear: 
 "When we get up, I'm going to tap you on the shoulder.  When I do, I want you to ask me if you can have another quarter... and ask loudly." 
 
I didn't understand--I didn't want another quarter.  But if I asked, maybe he'd give me one.  We stood up, made for the stairs, and right before we descended, my dad tapped me. 
"Dad, can I have another quarter?" 
"No, son.  You've spent too much time in the video game car already, and besides, your mother..." 
We were interrupted by two children with MicroMachines and giant greedy grins on their faces, hollering over each other to ask the question: 
"DID YOU SAY VIDEO GAME CAR?!  WHERE'S THE VIDEO GAME CAR?" 
My dad, completely straight-faced, pointed to the back of the train, and said, "it's all-l-l-l-l the way back there," and led me down the steps.  The children's attention was now on their parents, and squalling whines for money piped down the stairs. 
If you haven't guessed it yet, there was absolutely no such thing.   Nintendo  was still a relatively new concept, and the idea of putting  computer game s on a train was ridiculous  science fiction .  
We made it through the next two cars without cracking a smile only by the grace of God, and then we lost it.  I laughed all the way to the front of the train.  When we sat down, mom asked a question along the lines of "what have you been up to?" and set us off again.  We finally stopped laughing enough to tell the story to her, and she laughed along with us at the punch-line: those two kids, squealing for cash, and abandoning the two best seats in the car for a  snipe hunt .  But the real punch line was yet to come.  
Despite my dad's explicit instructions that the mythical video game car was in the back of the train, an hour later, two very familiar boys sprinted up the aisle of our passenger car and hurled themselves against the door to the  locomotive .  Dollar bills poked out from their fat, pink little fists as they beat on the door to the cabin.  My dad and I hid our faces and began laughing hysterically, and lost it yet again when a  stewardess  came storming up the aisle, apprehended the little devils, and dragged them back past us.  Moments later, an announcement went out over the intercom for a certain Mr. and Mrs.  Yuppie  to reclaim and restrain their "lost" children... 
I have never laughed that hard or that long, before or since.
 
 
 
Song by  Led Zeppelin  from their first album.  It starts with  John Paul Jones  playing a  baroque  organ intro, building it as though he were playing a  pipe organ  in  St. Paul's Cathedral , then starting over with a much simpler,  blues y  vamp .   John Bonham  brings the rest of the band in with a big fat  cymbal , and then settles into a steady backbeat for as long as anyone can expect him to--he breaks out of his cage by the end of the song with pleasant results, as always.   Robert Plant  stays moderately mellow on vocals, and  Jimmy Page  adds in a sliding  descant  on the  pedal steel  guitar, but also picks out rhythm on it for the bulk of the song.  The sliding notes mesh with Jones' organ just right (or just wrong) in some of the verses and near the chaotic end of the song, creating a  dissonance  that you'll either love or hate. 
Lyrics: 
 
Lyin',  cheatin ', hurtin': that's all you seem to do. 
 Messing around  with every guy in town, putting me down for thinking I'm someone new. 
Always the same, playing your game.  Drive me  insane , trouble's gonna come to you... 
One of these days--and it won't be long--you'll look for me, but baby, I'll be gone. 
And this is all I've got to say to you, woman: 
 
CHORUS: 
 Your  time is gonna come, 
your  time  is gonna come, 
your time  is  gonna come, 
your time is  gonna come . 
 
Made up my mind to break you this time, won't be so fine,
it's my turn to cry.  
Do what you want, I won't take  affront . It's fading away,  I can't feel you anymore . 
Don't care what you say, 'cause I'm going away to stay, going to make you pay for that great big  hole in my heart . 
People talkin' all around, watch out woman, no longer is it you're going to be on my heart-- 
you'll be back to me woman, but it's coming back home to you! 
CHORUS 
 
 
 
 
An acoustic gem from  Led Zeppelin 's first album, it features  Jimmy Page  strumming and picking an acoustic guitar, accompanied by light rhythmic tapping from Viram Jasani (not  John Bonham  -- sacrilege!) on  tabla  drums.  There's at least one other instrument, almost certainly a  bass  picked by  John Paul Jones , but it could be another acoustic guitar tuned differently to play in lower registers.  Page plays the  resonance s of the guitar throughout the piece, giving the illusion of bells or chimes in the background.  The song builds on itself, repeating the initial theme and then sliding into a short  bridge , then returning to the theme and adding crashing  arpeggio s that, left to ring, suggest rain and thunder--you may hear someone slapping their guitar for percussion at that point--and then die down to the quiet conclusion.  On the studio album, it fades in after the discordant electric organ in the last chorus of  Your Time is Gonna Come , with an echoing  dissonance  that makes both pieces better.  Led Zeppelin occasionally combined it with  White Summer , one of their other instrumentals.  The similarities (and contrast) between the two makes for a delicious  synergy --two great tastes that taste great together.  If you like it, you'll probably also like  Bron-Yr-Aur , from their album  Physical Graffiti .
 
 
 
Written by  Duane Allman , a beautiful little instrumental from the Allman Brothers' 1972 album  Eat a Peach .  Compared to the  Allman Brothers ' typical  jam s such as  Whipping Post , it is definitely "little" -- Martha weighs in at only 2 minutes, 9 seconds.  Duane Allman accompanies  Dickey Betts  on acoustic guitar, and  Berry Oakley  plays  bass .  The quiet, methodical theme is repeated two or three times, with slight variations each time.  The bell-like sound in the middle of the song and again at the end is one of the guitars being plucked at its  harmonic  or  resonance  point, but you don't need to understand  standing wave  theory to appreciate the beauty of the simple, quiet piece. 
 
This tune was also featured on  Sesame Street  as backgroud music during some of the  whimsical  sand  animation s that fascinated me so much as a child.  If you like it, you might also enjoy  Led Zeppelin 's  Bron-Yr-Aur  and  Black Mountain Side .
 
 
 
 Track 7  from  Led Zeppelin 's 1969 album  Led Zeppelin II .  The lyrics use imagery from  Tolkien 's  Lord of the Rings  to suggest an interesting character note for  Frodo Baggins .  The music simply rocks.  From the beginning of the song, with  John Bonham  tapping out a straight rhythm on the bongos and  Jimmy Page  strumming out that slightly jangly guitar intro, to the last chorus, where  Robert Plant 's voice loops and echoes back over itself (and from left to right if you're listening in stereo) like a demon, the whole song comes together beautifully.  Other highlights are  John Paul Jones ' transition from the simple bass part in the verses to the  funk -inspired  arpeggio s in the chorus, the  strings  that lilt in and out during the bridge, and the rhythmic variations in the strummed guitar part during the verses. 
 The  Lord of the Rings  analogies are packed into this one, and if you haven't read the books, turn off your computer and go read them.  I mean it, there's a  spoiler  in the next few sentences.  
For those of you who have read the books, I think you can agree that the first two verses are probably about  Frodo  leaving the company of  Galadriel  after the  autumn  feast.  In these verses, "ramble on" means to continue his quest. 
The third is tougher to nail down, but I maintain that it's about Frodo missing his chance to martyr himself (and simultaneously end the burden of carrying the  One Ring ) in  Mordor . The  "girl so fair" is none other than  Death .  She's the "queen of all (his) dreams," the one thing he's been dreaming about and hoping for during his long quest to Mordor--in this verse, "ramble on" means to get on with his life, enjoy what he has left, and await his death without fear.  That's my take, but here are the lyrics--come to your own conclusions. 
Lyrics 
 
Leaves are falling all around, 
it's time I was on my way. 
Thanks to you--I'm much obliged 
for such a pleasant stay. 
But now it's time for me to go; 
the autumn moon lights my way. 
And now  I smell the rain , and with it pain,  
and it's heading my way. 
 
Oh, sometimes I grow so tired... but I know there's one thing I've got to do:  

CHORUS 
Ramble on! 
Now's the time--the time is now--to sing my song. 
I'm going round the world, I gotta find my girl.  
On my way, I been this way ten years to the day. 
Ramble on, and find  the queen of all my dreams . 
 
Now's no time for spreading roots; 
the time has come to be gone. 
And though we drank our health a thousand times, 
it's time to ramble on. 
 
CHORUS 
 
Mine's a tale that can't be told, 
(my freedom I hold dear) 
but years ago, in days of old, when magic ruled the air, 
'twas in the darkest depths of Mordor, I met a  girl so fair , 
but  Gollum , the evil one, crept up and slipped away with her! 
 
Ain't nothing I can do, no... I guess I'll keep on 
rambling. 
CHORUS (with "...rambling." replacing "Ramble on!" in the first line) 
 
 
This song has been covered (and not terribly badly) by  Phish ,  Train , and the  Nashville Superpickers  a la  bluegrass , among others.  
 
 
 
A song from  Led Zeppelin 's 1970 album  Led Zeppelin III , celebrating the joys of living in the  Welsh  countryside with  man's best friend .  From the liner notes: 
  Credit must be given to  BRON-Y-AUR  a small derelict cottage in South Snowdonia for painting a somewhat forgotten picture of true completeness which acted as an incentive to some of these musical statements--August, 1970. 
The " Stomp " of the title refers to a type of dance, as well as  John Bonham 's steady, driving drumming during the verses (handclaps from one of the other members provide an interesting counterpoint on the off beats).  Both  Jimmy Page  and  Robert Plant  sing on this one.  The song begins with a pair of catchy, jangling acoustic guitars being strummed rapidly, much like the beginning of  Ramble On .  The introduction is also reminiscient of the  Allman Brothers ' song  Little Martha , and the style of the strummed guitar throughout the song has its influence in  Delta Blues  and the American  South . 

Lyrics: 
 
Oh, when you're smiling at me 
that's the way it should be, 
like a leaf is to a tree,  
so fine. 
 
Ah, all the good times we had, 
I sung love songs, so glad, 
always smiling, never sad, 
so fine. 
 
As we walk down a country lane 
I'll be singing a song, you hear me calling your name. 
Hear the wind within the trees 
tellin'  Mother Nature  'bout you and me. 
 
Well, if the sun shines so bright, 
or our way is darkest night, 
the road we choose is always right, 
so fine. 
 
Ah, can any love be so strong? 
When so many loves go wrong, 
will that love go on and on and on  
and on and on and on? 
 
As we walk down a country lane, 
I'll be singing a song, you hear me calling your name. 
Hear the wind within the trees 
tellin' Mother Nature 'bout you and me. 
 
My my, 
la la la, 
come on now, 
it ain't too far. 
 
Tell your friends all around the world, 
ain't no companion like a blue-eyed  merle ! 
 
Come on now, let me tell you what you're missing, around them  brick walls . 
 
So, of one thing I am sure: 
it's a friendship so pure, 
angels singing all around, my dog's 
so fine. 
 
Yeah, ain't but one thing to do, 
spend my next life with you. 
You're the finest dog I knew, 
so fine. 
 
When you're old and your eyes are dim,  
there ain't no "old Shep" gonna happen again: 
We'll still go walking down country lanes, 
I'll sing the same old song, you'll hear me callin' your name.  
 
 
If you like this song, you may enjoy some of these: 
 Gallows Pole 
 Black Mountain Side 
 Ramble On 
 Boogie with Stu 
 The Girl I Love She Got Long Black Wavy Hair 
 That's the Way 
Or, by other artists: 
 Allman Brothers  -  Little Martha 
 
 
 
 CINC  (sink) -  n.   military   acronym  for Commander IN Chief.   The person at the top of your  chain of command , the  boss .  Usually refers to the  President , but can refer to other, lesser commanders.  The US  Navy , for example, has CINCPACFLT (sink-pack-fleet), who is the CINC of the  Pacific Fleet , who takes orders from CINCPAC, the commander of all military operations in the  Pacific Ocean  and surrounding countries.   
 Recently,  Dick Cheney , the  Secretary of Defense , mandated that the phrase " CINC " only refer to the  President of the United States , and specifically is  not  to be used to describe theater or regional commanders.  This policy is somewhat unpopular because it undoes a whole bunch of  Navy  acronyms.  It will likely be reversed next time we have a new  SECDEF .
 
 
 
A song from  Led Zeppelin 's 1971 epic album  Led Zeppelin IV  (or  Zoso ), named for the fact that  John Bonham  played the  percussion  part with four  sticks .  The  time signature  is about as far out as you can get and still call the music  rock and roll : it starts in  5/4 time , but intersperses blocks of  3/4 time  at every turn.  The lyrics are  inscrutable , but they add to the  Tolkien esque aura surrounding the album: a man leaves his lover because he doesn't want her to be around when he stops being able to "hold out" against whatever it is that has followed him "through the roads of time."  Has he angered the  old gods ?  Are  orc s or  troll s after him?  When his secret catches up with him, do you really want to know what it is, if knowing means seeing?  Just enjoy the frenetic, bounding pace of the song, the rumbling  bass , and  Plant's  screeching, agonized vocals. 
Lyrics:  

Oh, baby, it's crying time. 
Oh, baby, I got to fly. 
Got to try to find a way, 
Got to try to  get away , 
Cause you know  I gotta get away from you babe . 
 
Oh, baby, the river's red, 
oh, baby, in my head. 
There's a funny feeling going on... 
 I don't think I can hold out long . 
 
And when the owls cry in the night, 
oh, baby baby, when the pines begin to fly, 
Baby baby baby,  how do you feel? 
If the rivers run dry, baby, how would you feel? 
 
Crazy baby,  the rainbow's end , 
Hmmm, baby, it's just a den 
for those who hide, hide their love in depths of life 
and ruin dreams that we all knew so, babe. 
 
And when the owls cry in the night, 
and baby when the pines begin to cry, 
oh baby baby, how do you feel? 
If the rivers run dry, baby, how do you feel? 
 
Ooh, yeah, brave I endure 
ooh, yeah, strong shields and lore, 
they can't hold the wrath of those who walk 
And the boots of those who march, 
Baby, through the roads of time so long ago. 
 
 
 
 
 
A  funky ,  James Brown -inspired, staggering rock piece from  Led Zeppelin 's 1973 album  Houses of the Holy .  While  Robert Plant 's  howler monkey  vocals almost always have center stage,  John Paul Jones  gets to take a step towards the limelight on this tune, as the  bass guitar  is the center of most  funk  songs.  He plays a somewhat repetitive  vamp  with just enough variation to keep it sweet;  John Bonham  follows along with his oft-sampled crash-and-boom style, suspending the 4/4  beat  for the occasional measure of 2/4, which gives the song it's staggering, almost  drunken  weaving  tempo .  The lines in parentheses at the end sound like they were sampled from a  film --perhaps a  Hitchcock  movie, given the urgency and drama in the actor's voice.  The  pun  on James Brown's  cliche  "taking it to the  bridge " is both homage and a jab, done with a classy wink. 
Lyrics: 
I wanna tell you about my good thing 
I ain't disclosin' no names, but 
he sure is a good friend, and 
I ain't gonna tell you where he comes from, but 
if I tell you, you won't come again. 
Hey... I ain't gonna tell you nothin, but I do well, but I know: 
Now let me tell you about my girl. 
I open up a newspaper, and what do I see?  Ah! 
I see my girl... lookin' at me! 
Ooo, and when she walks, she walks. 
And let me tell you when she talks, she talks. 
And when she looks me in my eye,  
she's my baby, lord I wanna make her mine. 
Oh, tell me baby what you want me to do-- 
oh, you want me to love you?  Love some other man? 
They ain't gonna call me Mr. Pitiful, no. 
I, I don't need respect from nobody, no. 
 
I ain't gonna tell you nothin',  
I ain't gonna tell you no more, no... 
She's my baby and let me tell you that I love her so, and 
She's the one I really want to love, and let me tell you more 
She's my baby, let me tell you, she lives next door. 
She's the one I want and the one woman that I know. 
 
I ain't gonna,  
I ain't gonna, 
I ain't gonna tell you... 
I ain't gonna tell you one thing that you really ought to know, but 
she's my lover and I love her so, and 
she's the one who really makes me run and twirl, and 
she's the kind of lover that makes me feel the whole world,  
and she's the one who really makes me jump and shout, and 
she's the kind of girl...I know what it's all about. 
 
Take it home! 
Take it, take it, take it. 
Ah, excuse me, will you excuse me? 
I'm just trying to find the bridge. 
Has anybody seen the  bridge ?  Please? 
( Have you seen the bridge? )
I ain't seen the bridge! 
(Where's that confounded bridge?) 
 
 
 
There is an extension of  drumspeak  known as  vocal percussion , practiced by  college   a cappella  groups as well as some more famous groups like  Rockapella .  A vocal percussionist, using only his or her mouth and throat, strives to perfectly emulate the sounds of a  drum kit .  This has roots in  rap  as well as  rock and roll , where a vocal percussionist is known as a " human   beatbox ".  The difference is really only in the type of music (and specifically, the type of percussion in the original song)--as  electronica  seep into mainstream  pop , more and more bands have no  drummer , only a synthesized drum loop, and the "beatbox" moniker becomes more appropriate.  A good vocal percussionist can also serve as a beatbox; this is similar to saying a  combat   fighter   pilot  can also serve as an  airline  pilot.


 
 
 
 The  Rain  Song 
by  Led Zeppelin 
 
Taken from their 1973 album  Houses of the Holy , the Rain Song weighs in at 7 minutes and 39 seconds.  The verses are interspersed with long sections of gently pulsing  guitar , as well as a swelling orchestral  string section , complete with a  cello  providing the  bass .  There are no  drums  until about 3:30, and they start out with  John Bonham 's shuffling, quiet snares and brushed  cymbals , and grow slowly up to match the  crescendo  the song is following, exploding into the  winter  verse and backing down towards the song's close like a  thunder storm ending.  The quiet, peaceful ending is a perfect  segue  into the picked guitar at the beginning of  Over the Hills and Far Away . 
 
Lyrics: 
 
It is the  spring time of my love, 
the second season I am to know; 
You are the sunlight in my grove 
so little warmth I felt before. 
It isn't hard to feel me glow 
I watch the fire that grew so low. 
 
It is the  summer  of my smile; 
flee from me keepers of the gloom. 
Speak to me only ith your eyes, 
it is to you I give this tune. 
It ain't so hard to recognize-- 
these things are clear to all from time to time 
 
I felt the coldness of my  winter , 
I never thought it would ever go. 
I  cursed the gloom  that slipped upon us, 
but I know that I love you so. 
...But I know that  I love you  so. 
 
These are the seasons of emotion, 
and like the wind, they rise and fall. 
This is the wonder of devotion, 
I see the torch we all must hold. 
This is the mystery of the  quotient : 
Upon us all,  upon us all a little rain must fall . 
...Just a little  rain . 
 
 
 
No, this isn't the  travelling salesman  joke, or another  Farmer Brown  joke.  It's not even a  joke ; it's for real!  This is a song by the  folk  band  Eddie from Ohio , from their studio album " actually not ", but phenomenally better on " portable efo show ".  They sing three part harmony on all the choruses, but add a  bass  (and he is a true bass, not a  baritone !) and break into an amazing  four part   a cappella  breakdown, with  harmony  in the old  Appalachian  style--the  high lonesome sound  that  bluegrass   gospel  is famous for, only without the  baggage --before the last chorus.  If the live cut doesn't give you  goosebumps ,  check your pulse . 
Lyrics:
 
CHORUS: 
Breaking hearts in  Halifax  County, 
the  three fine daughters  of Farmer Brown, 
Turning heads on the boys in the schoolyard, 
catching whistles from the men downtown, 
No one knows why they went  rowing . 
The three fine daughters of Farmer Brown, 
they didn't know that the rocks on the river'd 
be the  Three Sisters ' Island where they'd all drown. 
 
Widower Brown had a girl named Nellie, 
she was the oldest and toughest of  three . 
She'd take her daddy's well-sharpened  sickle 
and carve " kill men " in the  sycamore  tree. 
The men came a courtin' but she'd keep her distance, 
never cracked a smile, just played it  coy . 
Some would say "She's as tender as a  petal -- 
she'd act up 'cause her daddy wanted a boy." 
Old Man Brown had a girl named  Dottie , 
the middle button and the most vain of the three. 
She'd take her daddy's fat leather  boot  strap 
with anyone who'd call her  Dorothy . 
The men would fall on her, and she'd repay them, 
peck 'em where they'd find it safe to  kiss -- 
like the  barn  or the  kitchen  or the upstairs  parlor -- 
anywhere to keep 'em from her father's fist. 
CHORUS 
Farmer Brown had a girl named  Becca , 
 she was the youngest and most reverent of all . 
She'd take her daddy's  King James Bible 
and go study  scripture  at the Brethren Hall. 
The men would avoid her, and she would condemn 'em 
for  cuss in', and drinkin', and chasin' the Browns. 
She'd say "Repent, and join  God  forever! 
The pleasure of sin's not as good as it sounds." 
One day the three with nothing in common 
spied upon an abandoned  rowboat . 
Maybe their sense of adventure had pushed 
the three young girls to set the ship afloat. 
They didn't know the strength of the  river , 
the merciless current that pulled 'em down; 
Maybe it was due the weight of their  denim ,  
but the three girls' bodies were never found. 
 
 a cappella ,  fortissimo : 
Some may recall the singin' of the  sirens 
lured in the sailors who wrecked and drowned. 
Some say they still hear the fightin' and the flirtin' 
and the preachin' of the daughters of  Farmer Brown . 
 
CHORUS 
 
 
 
 Song by  Led Zeppelin , from their  1970  album  Led Zeppelin III .  Originally a  folk  tune of  traditional  origin, and a very different plot.  Starts with a lone, slowly strummed guitar, and the shivering voice of  Robert Plant , then adds in a  banjo  then a  bass  guitar pulsing along in the background, then right after the first chorus,  drums .  Towards the end, the whole band joins in on the hangman's laughter.  The lyrics are conversational, and I've broken up the quotes to show the change of voice.  All characters are sung by  Plant  with no change in tone. 
 The main voice is  the hanged man .  He pleads with the  hangman  to stay his execution a little while longer, because he knows his friends will come to save him, and they'll bring silver or gold to buy his freedom.  This forms a repeated theme in the song: 
 "Hangman, hangman, hold it a little while; 
I think I see my friends comin', riding many a mile. 
Friends, you get some  silver ?  Did you get a little  gold ? 
What did you bring me, my dear friends, to keep me from the gallows pole?   
What did you bring me to keep me from the gallows pole?" 
 This first repetition of the plea is done slowly, but the friend's reply ("you know we're too damn poor / to keep you from the Gallows Pole") is disheartening, and the tune picks up the narrator's urgency in both tempo and volume.  There isn't really a chorus in the song; the structure is more of a  call and response .  A two-person bluegrass group might sing this and alternate sections for more effect, but  Led Zeppelin  chose to let Plant sing the whole thing. 
 But back to our protagonist, whose collar is getting warm.  His friends can't save him, but he knows his brother will be along soon, and begs a stay for a few more moments.  Yeah, he's stalling - can you blame him?  Soon enough, his brother shows up, and answers his pleas: 
 "Brother, I brought you some silver!  I brought a little gold! 
I brought a  little of everything  to keep you from the gallows pole. 
Yes, I brought it, to keep you from the gallows pole." 
 Apparently the coin is not enough.  Our hero begs the hangman for yet another delay, this time because his sister is coming.  Now, I'm an only child, so I'm not sure how I feel about this next bit - he begs his sister to "take (the hangman) by the hand; take him to some shady bower, and save me from the  wrath  of this man. Please take him!  Save me from the wrath of this mad man!"  I don't know about you, but I think that's pretty sketchy. 
 The hangman admits that the victim's money is good and plenty; that his sister is lovely; and that he doesn't care a whit for bribery.  Perhaps bribing the hangman is a capital crime?  In any case,  Led Zeppelin  altered the folk tune (where apparently the hangman is swayed not by money, but by love) to end with the hangman speaking: 
 "Oh, yes you've got a  fine sister ; she warmed my blood from cold. 
She  warmed my blood to boiling hot , to keep you from the gallows pole. 
Your brother brought me  silver , and your sister  warmed my soul , and now  I laugh , oh so  hard , to see you swinging on the gallows pole... 
Ah, ah- hah-ha -ha..." 
 CST Approved 
